untaggedhom  week  favourit  influ influ  angel  voc voc voc voc  pow pow pow pow  hard  som som  stat  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  vir  kakazzziksthanberjan kakazzziksthanberjan  gd  keineproblem  engl  californ californ  ohr  koi2  album  90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s  art  britpop  lyr lyr  mus  auf  top  techn techn  day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day  attack  gre  lov lov  zodo  nat nat  rockin rockin  mal mal mal mal  cool cool  pan  record record  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul uvul  bass bass bass bass  song song song song song song  track  fav  fuck fuck  americain  met met met met met  rawk  pop-punk pop-punk pop-punk  class class class class  quo  amaz amaz  anxy  djent djent  school school school school  who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who? who?  1995 1995  die  angry  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's bab's  indy  faraway faraway  punkrock  green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green  f-bomb  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  angsty  dea dea  tru tru tru  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit 