tempera tempera  melody melody  roswel roswel roswel roswel roswel roswel  nois nois  ment ment  maid maid maid maid  aitchawak aitchawak  yo yo  song song song song song song song song  de de  fav fav  quest quest quest quest  dar dar  lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady  post-grunge post-grunge post-grunge post-grunge post-grunge post-grunge  cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm  list list  -4 -4  stupid stupid  gut gut  tru tru  secret secret  olp olp olp olp  ep ep  depress depress depress depress  mus mus  someth someth  smoo smoo  awak awak  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  envy envy  met met  screamo screamo  boy boy  chant chant  ou ou  loud loud  guit guit  son son  sing sing  ccpl ccpl  dramaqueen dramaqueen  ag ag  wah wah wah wah wah wah  canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad  home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home? home?  peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac  eddy eddy  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  moonh8sun moonh8sun  damn damn  childhood-ca childhood-ca  happy happy  teen teen  grung grung  trippy trippy  hurl hurl  aitchchil aitchchil  mellow mellow  toronto toronto  word word word word word word  salad salad  1999 1999 1999 1999  aitchson aitchson  mal mal  fun fun  soft soft  favourit favourit  <3 <3  lyr lyr  voc voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit  al al  00s 00s  slit slit  chil chil  sir sir  rainy rainy  stim stim  hom hom  lik lik  hot hot  naz naz  aitch aitch aitch aitch  aitchep aitchep  beauty beauty  90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s  rain rain rain rain  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  wrist wrist  mak mak  class class class class class class  indy indy  2000 2000  aitchintern aitchintern aitchintern aitchintern  awesom awesom awesom awesom 