flop flop  lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  r'n'b r'n'b  fuck fuck  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  bitch bitch  sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy  touch touch  shit shit  slow slow  mus mus  & &  sum sum  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam  wom wom  r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b  hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot  jam jam  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  hip-hop hip-hop  rel rel  nic nic  damn damn  nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol nicol  scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger scherzinger  singl singl  2007 2007  pussyc pussyc pussyc pussyc pussyc  wil wil  rememb rememb  beauty beauty  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb  will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am) will.i.am)  collab collab  englisch englisch  ballad ballad  goodass goodass  baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby  rawk rawk  amaz amaz  dol dol dol dol dol  pant pant  sentymentaln sentymentaln  dant dant dant dant dant  soul soul  pcd pcd  thi thi  fun fun 