em em em em em  titl titl  <3 <3  svrsh svrsh  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  biggest biggest  jebenic jebenic  tag tag  old-school old-school  crit crit  ev ev  cu cu  bri bri  nois nois  mus mus mus mus mus  soundtrack soundtrack  yolal yolal  nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee  fast fast  2 2 2 2 2  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov crossov  trash trash  hat hat hat hat hat  socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy socy  lucipro lucipro  memb memb  fav fav fav fav fav  al al al al al  indy indy  jebemtimaterupichku-tojepank jebemtimaterupichku-tojepank  dav dav dav dav dav  d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i. d.r.i.  numb numb  song song  ful ful  trashc trashc trashc trashc trashc  box box  wood wood  school school school school school school school  enf enf  thread thread  met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met  favorit favorit  gam gam  und und und und und  thrashcore thrashcore  rock rock  thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash  minut minut minut minut minut  tru tru 