  kick-ass    noise-pop   ponyhof  nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois     littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl littl  simil simil simil  black  to: to: to:  yr   song  sst sst sst  sebadoh  voic   du    school     dron  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock   bong bong bong  liv    husk       90s 90s  dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa   burm       altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern   mem     met  colleg    post post      punk punk punk    loud  angry angry  road   guit guit guit  sing sing  guid   1987 1987 1987  friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop   shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz   lov lov lov lov   6   grung grung grung grung grung  peopl peopl      fuzzy fuzzy  iv  spil  sound sound  10  minutem     underground underground  tap  fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury fury  lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi  fuck  sad sad sad sad  1980s   trip   lif   built    wher wher wher   post-punk  heartbreak heartbreak  film  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.    80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  star  geni   post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  kil  amaz amaz   band band band   indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy     thi   awesom 