 brit   hip-hop hip-hop   fip fip fip fip fip fip fip     jam    tc tc     jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz  dec-05  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  dreamy  day  cool    turnt turnt turnt turnt turnt  nu  art  fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish fish    sampl  weird weird   acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid     07 07  mus  blu   sum    porieux-loved porieux-loved      whiff    jazzy   tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun   trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop  downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo  chiilout chiilout  scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff scruff  funky      period  chunky      electronic electronic electronic electronic    monkey   iaremediocre-shizzle-bizzl iaremediocre-shizzle-bizzl   loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung loung   quirky quirky    chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout  happy     ninjatun     dant    fun fun  ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj ninj     berepttrov berepttrov     al   tag  chil chil chil chil chil chil    funny funny funny funny funny funny funny   ev   - - -  lik   mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.       stat    eclect   fishy    top-30s  amby amby      thi   talk 