tim tim tim  pork pork pork  thrashing thrashing thrashing  rol rol rol  kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt) kurt)  lyr lyr lyr  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  feel feel feel  cowbel cowbel cowbel  heartfelt heartfelt heartfelt  dead dead dead dead dead dead dead  punctu punctu punctu punctu punctu punctu punctu  bedroom bedroom bedroom  art art art art art art art  ev ev ev ev ev ev ev  mus mus mus  twe twe twe twe twe twe twe  though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though,  titl titl titl titl titl titl titl  (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song (song  los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los  wierd wierd wierd wierd wierd wierd wierd  heartbreak heartbreak heartbreak  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  rel rel rel rel rel rel rel  immens immens immens  nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev  catchy catchy catchy  oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth oth  easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy  geni geni geni  infin infin infin  it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it? it?  quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos!  lost lost lost  pict pict pict pict pict pict pict  craft craft craft craft craft craft craft  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  pet pet pet pet pet pet pet  train train train  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  akin akin akin  2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008  tru tru tru  panquequ panquequ panquequ 