rom rom  nunu nunu  sleep sleep  melancho melancho melancho melancho  clos clos  cold cold  mood: mood: mood: mood:  perfect perfect  gentl gentl  la la  ment ment  swoon swoon  jap jap  serii: serii:  4 4 4 4  pretty pretty  czwarta czwarta  yo yo  song song song song  plakand plakand  octop octop octop octop octop octop  dark dark dark dark  band band  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  lady lady lady lady lady lady  swir swir  psychedel psychedel  meas meas  slgdmrelaxing slgdmrelaxing slgdmrelaxing slgdmrelaxing  cry cry  trym trym  stuff stuff stuff stuff  2007b 2007b  truth truth  burlesqu burlesqu  pleas pleas  tej tej  bellezz bellezz  sigh sigh  za za  hush hush  sooth sooth sooth sooth sooth sooth sooth sooth  pain pain  svenskt svenskt  eq eq  dokladny dokladny  renaiss renaiss  depress depress  amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby  mus mus  rep rep  expery expery  smoo smoo  wyselekcjonowany wyselekcjonowany  post-rock post-rock  spacy spacy  contigo contigo  altern altern altern altern altern altern  knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif knif  knig knig  york york york york  trip-hop trip-hop  downtempo downtempo  tug tug  acoust acoust  quiet quiet  tv tv  idm idm  herzch herzch  lied lied  feel feel  rano rano  atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph  story story  balkon balkon  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed  attack attack  lov lov lov lov lov lov  calm calm calm calm  chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout  jak jak  hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel  haunt haunt haunt haunt haunt haunt  train train  bittersuess bittersuess  baby baby  10 10 10 10  piuvicin piuvicin  nostalg nostalg  darkwav darkwav  del del  ey ey  delikatnieny delikatnieny  everyon everyon  ub ub  explod explod explod explod  heart heart heart heart heart heart  lullaby lullaby lullaby lullaby lullaby lullaby  favourit favourit  chil chil  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  al al  sad sad sad sad sad sad  qwerty qwerty  caress caress  n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y. n.y.  jest jest  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  californ californ  trip trip  shit shit  tak tak tak tak  ni ni  sit sit  mehr mehr  indietronic indietronic  synthpop synthpop  heartbreak heartbreak  hop hop  electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro  star star star star  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  electropop electropop  scandinav scandinav scandinav scandinav scandinav scandinav  sssssjjjjjjjsssss sssssjjjjjjjsssss  3mal 3mal  indy indy indy indy  melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol  2001 2001  wino wino  pios pios  yessssssss yessssssss 