commerc commerc commerc commerc  heavy heavy  whil whil  rascalz rascalz  pil pil  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  johny johny  flow flow  guit guit guit guit  powerful powerful  fuck fuck  pop pop  sex sex  brain brain  england england england england  ar ar  grady grady grady grady  08 08  ind ind  art art  post post post post  70s 70s  johnnylicy johnnylicy  album album  lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif  nois nois nois nois  bottom bottom  lydon lydon  angry angry  expery expery expery expery expery expery  3m3 3m3  liv liv  tot tot  punky-feeling punky-feeling  plu plu plu plu  spel spel  gre gre  lov lov lov lov  low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav  john john  hat hat  correct correct  day day  sil sil  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  shar shar  play play play play  angul angul angul angul  form form  song song  class class class class  - -  park park  jul jul  publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ  indy indy indy indy indy indy  imtacj imtacj  kap kap kap kap  brit brit  sing sing sing sing  mak mak  ear ear  rom rom  legend legend  crass crass  pistol pistol  1978 1978 1978 1978  shady shady shady shady  eclecton eclecton  skateboard skateboard  fein fein fein fein  omnidirect omnidirect  awesom awesom  ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd.  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  fun fun  favorit favorit favorit favorit  lobotom lobotom  impl impl  post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk 