heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy  brut brut brut brut  indy indy indy indy  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc  fuck fuck fuck fuck  ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar  sing sing sing sing  goregrind goregrind goregrind goregrind  bre bre bre bre bre bre bre bre  emoc emoc emoc emoc  shit shit shit shit  album album album album  wee wee wee wee  morganfreem morganfreem morganfreem morganfreem  cle cle cle cle  wow wow wow wow  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  kak kak kak kak  sublim sublim sublim sublim  deathc deathc deathc deathc deathc deathc deathc deathc  low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low  nintendoc nintendoc nintendoc nintendoc  real real real real  kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo? kiddo?  song song song song  mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc mathc  heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow heavyheavylowlow  cyb cyb cyb cyb  post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat  screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo  grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc grindc  amaz amaz amaz amaz  met met met met  okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay,  emo emo emo emo  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind  groov groov groov groov  pisd pisd pisd pisd  crapit crapit crapit crapit  dea dea dea dea dea dea dea dea  kruto kruto kruto kruto  blend blend blend blend 