 morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey morrissey  thi   brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit    feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel? feel?  word:   manchest manchest manchest manchest  wuerd wuerd   smith smith smith smith  verkauf verkauf  day  ihr ihr   hav  real  moz moz moz  klein klein  song song song song song song song song song song song      das das   ther     die die die die die die die  cry      rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  tru tru       replay  croon croon croon  morrisey morrisey    ich ich    mus mus   nee  wor wor    altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern    gut gut    reason reason reason reason  nicht nicht   sind sind  poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss poss  om om om    feel  pop pop pop pop pop  walk    2000s  ring       lov  haeusch haeusch  head  77davez-loved   hear hear hear  wav wav wav   influ  bef  dafu dafu  street  uk    ab ab  favourit favourit   favorit favorit   fuck  00s 00s     shit    77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  quot  titl titl  mein mein  lik     80s 80s 80s  zumindest zumindest       zwar zwar   beleih beleih   britpop britpop   dram  mak  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  doe doe  caus  person      everyth everyth everyth  awesom 