rol rol rol rol rol  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  punk punk punk punk punk  lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  vocal-centric vocal-centric vocal-centric vocal-centric vocal-centric  dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash  freak freak freak freak freak  percuss percuss percuss percuss percuss  popsic popsic popsic popsic popsic  folk folk folk folk folk  mainstream mainstream mainstream mainstream mainstream  dial dial dial dial dial  ment ment ment ment ment  californ californ californ californ californ  sock sock sock sock sock sock sock sock sock sock  alternativa alternativa alternativa alternativa alternativa  2 2 2 2 2  ton ton ton ton ton  harmony harmony harmony harmony harmony  rhythm rhythm rhythm rhythm rhythm  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  underground underground underground underground underground  piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano  happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy  pickathon pickathon pickathon pickathon pickathon  promin promin promin promin promin  ston ston ston ston ston  aesthet aesthet aesthet aesthet aesthet  key key key key key  mak mak mak mak mak  maj maj maj maj maj  mal mal mal mal mal  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog  und und und und und  instru instru instru instru instru  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  fun fun fun fun fun  minut minut minut minut minut  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  left left left left left 