explod  aa  exogaz exogaz  sparrow  stronger  post-rock/experimental  indy  pop  00s  neurot  kingdom  progress progress  chil chil  lov lov  shir  atmosph  mogwa  mak  shit  sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow sparow  slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow  amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby  country  shoegaz  expery expery expery expery expery  sky  slick  check  pel  stuff  happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest happiest  post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock post-rock  hav  condit  red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red red  instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru  real  gon  guit  chrismac  wil wil  beauty  hum hum hum  goth  weak  deny  immort  al  americain  band  ston  chillout  mankind  fallout  destroy  post post post post post post post post post post post post  doom  day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day  cool cool  desp  ont  post-rockexperimental  mis-favo  sludg  becom  technolog  beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg beg  herald  slowc  soundscap  cam  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  puur  extinct  dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust. dust.  hol  coo  mad 