beasty  tun tun  nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg nigg  hardc hardc  tag   cost  g-funk  bogart  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  californ californ californ californ californ californ  jogart  shit  row row row  album album album  90s 90s 90s 90s  mus  la  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  west west west west west west west west west west west west  excel excel  melho  afterma  black black  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop   dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  ass ass  sweet  hau  ganst  cub  witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt witt  energet  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  muthafuckin muthafuckin muthafuckin  coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast  oest  hiphop hiphop  masterpl  brain2brain  da  dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr  school school school school school  1992 1992 1992 1992  obando  dre-aniggawittagun dre-aniggawittagun  h0p h0p  gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun  gre  h1p h1p  gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst  sour  mass  titl  real  dea dea dea  dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre  radio 