rok  alb  colo  radio radio radio radio radio  porno  gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen gen  rich  absolv  song song song  jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz  avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde  day day  cool  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  progressiivist  list  stuff  oldfield  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  mothafuck  hard  badass  instru-mental  dawn dawn dawn dawn dawn  ev  ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep  60s  mus mus  expery expery expery expery expery expery  melt  prog  progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress  captey  beefheart  altern altern altern altern altern altern  solo solo  frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank  jazzy  sing  '60s  seventy  zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp  drum  bop  punk  masterpiec  weird  col  chamb  feel feel feel  guit guit guit guit  taureexp  son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son son  taurepsych taurepsych  prog-rockart  highschool  zap zap zap zap  angelinberlin  fre fre  taurejazz taurejazz  fast  lov lov lov lov lov  cheeky  pwsm  pm  train  groovy groovy groovy  10  fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus fus  taureclass taureclass  dea dea dea dea  happy happy happy  instrumentaalin  ub  favourit favourit favourit  funny funny funny  rid  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  shit  rainbow  mik  1969 1969  titl  -  mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.  5  sick  sil  star  beauty beauty beauty  fidel  track  semin  taurerock taurerock  intens intens intens  lat  mak mak mak mak  class class class  nit  driv  favorit favorit  green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green  instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru  classy  jazz-rock jazz-rock jazz-rock  jazzrock  awesom awesom awesom awesom 