no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.  punk  random  zen  wub wub wub  mild  melancho melancho  no5  nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam  sod   melod melod melod  easy  elliottinho  absolv  crash  song song song song song song song  fav  voic  moody  schoon  syncop  amazing-rock  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  stuff  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  acid  folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk  90s  god  sublim  post-rock post-rock  smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi  red  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  key  sing  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  chil chil  alon  songwrit songwrit  american  subtl  medicin  pixy  elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot  guit guit  pop pop pop pop  son  seattl  engl  holdmenearunravelthest  fem  compos  ton  morn morn  chillout chillout  stomach  rhythm rhythm  indiepop  glar  mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow  ear  count  cap  singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill  soul  heart  lullaby  favourit  influ  voc voc voc voc voc  wrangl  lo-fi lo-fi  al al al al  sad sad sad sad sad  styl  brok  lov lov lov lov lov  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  shit  -  singersongwrit  lik  tim tim  sunday  heartbreak  5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5  harmony  poor  sadc sadc  thi  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  maart  numb  maj  mal  amaz  lawn  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  instru  averynicemany  decemb 