control control  oktavba oktavba  comput comput  ephem ephem  voc voc  vocod vocod  punk punk  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  pop pop  luxxxo luxxxo  fof fof  synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop  electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic  chiplik chiplik  tak tak  peach peach  minim minim  hom hom  excel excel  secret secret  skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik skinlik  lik lik   (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation (equation  morbid morbid  party party  mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix) mix)  star star  ufo ufo  electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro  syn syn syn syn syn syn syn  fat fat  3 3  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  electropop electropop  mom mom  adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult. adult.  fem fem  teach teach  remix remix  mixtap mixtap  weapon weapon  dant dant  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  detroit detroit  disco disco  electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash  thi thi  rock rock  awesom awesom 