real real real  acclaim acclaim acclaim  sativ sativ sativ  numb numb numb  angel angel angel  hardc hardc hardc  al al al  pop pop pop  g-funk g-funk g-funk g-funk g-funk g-funk g-funk  3000 3000 3000  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard billboard  anthem anthem anthem  oldschool oldschool oldschool  californ californ californ californ californ californ californ  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  row row row  'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g' 'g'  gta gta gta  20 20 20  snoop snoop snoop  los los los  thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang thang  top top top top top top top top top top  song song song  funky funky funky  westsid westsid westsid  tim tim tim  afterma afterma afterma  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  fo fo fo  500 500 500 500 500 500 500  grov grov grov  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  ston ston ston  90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s  auto auto auto  grand grand grand  gam gam gam  collab collab collab  coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast  rol rol rol  hiphop hiphop hiphop  westcoast westcoast westcoast westcoast westcoast westcoast westcoast  theft theft theft  mob mob mob  nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin' nuthin'  andrea andrea andrea andrea andrea andrea andrea  dr dr dr  class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class  funk funk funk funk funk funk funk  cool cool cool  10 10 10  school school school  1992 1992 1992  mus mus mus  fa fa fa  dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre  compton compton compton  favorit favorit favorit  dog dog dog  pitchfork pitchfork pitchfork  groov groov groov  gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst  singl singl singl  west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west  san san san san san san san  dea dea dea  sa sa sa  blend blend blend  produc produc produc  sho sho sho 