punk   brit   radio  gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip  aint   half-naked    delicy  indust  hav  absolv   song song song song song song    electron    colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro colobocuro  psychedel     list list list list    night night night night     sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex  born  lehigh   girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl     mus    smok smok    altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern   bass   rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock   sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy     handclap    ov ov ov ov ov ov ov   telephon  drunk    2000s  cent   alison alison  pb    commun  catchy   fem  swe   fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev fev  stuck  lov lov   valley   head  gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar  al  hear  sound    dant dant      favourit   lyr  voc  favorit favorit favorit  wann  fuck fuck  00s  ar    tabl      femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil  min min    -    hot hot hot   mosshart mosshart  u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a. u.r.a.    beauty    someon  publ   kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil  lat lat  badass  typ  amaz  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy    thi thi  2008 2008 2008 2008 2008   awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  left 