       dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant    pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty    yo yo  indietronic indietronic indietronic indietronic      electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron   libr  brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit  cool  edit   whatthefmos  disco  bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad  rock rock rock rock rock  clap       alt.  mus mus   sum     altern altern altern altern altern altern   dance-punk dance-punk    handclap handclap  punk punk punk  favorit favorit  feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel      electronic electronic electronic  bount    catchy  danceflo danceflo   lov  damn damn  you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you,      electroclash      00s      1101rh  uk   <3     rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav rav    electro-rock  song song  lik     party party  electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro   energet energet     electropop electropop electropop   electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock electrorock  yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah? yeah?  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe doe  offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend offend  2008    awesom 