tygry tygry tygry  favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit  meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow meadow  spring spring spring  sitrc: sitrc: sitrc:  1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s 1970s  beauit beauit beauit  aloof aloof aloof  shot shot shot  folk folk folk  ad ad ad  rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex rex  velvet velvet velvet velvet velvet velvet velvet velvet velvet velvet  folkl folkl folkl folkl folkl folkl folkl  - - -  class class class  music music music  nocturn nocturn nocturn  inspir inspir inspir  mamm mamm mamm  kot kot kot  boog boog boog  diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond  star star star  risk risk risk  song song song  de de de  70s 70s 70s  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin goldmin  8 8 8  glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam glam  99 99 99  mellow mellow mellow  filthy filthy filthy  johnny7guns johnny7guns johnny7guns  langsam langsam langsam  psychedel psychedel psychedel  10 10 10  lucr lucr lucr  marc marc marc  favorit favorit favorit  cin cin cin  t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t. t.  bol bol bol bol bol bol bol  progress progress progress  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  jamm jamm jamm  strings strings strings  awesom awesom awesom 