bedroom bedroom   rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios rabios  pitbul pitbul pitbul  aur  shakilicy    hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  hit hit hit hit hit hit hit  yo yo yo yo yo yo  song song song song  ye ye ye  voic voic voic voic voic  lady lady lady lady lady   smash smash smash smash smash  die  tietg  wond wond wond  flashy  gust  div div div div div div  yummy  pleas pleas    horn  ev ev  mus   sum sum sum sum sum sum  expery  upb upb upb upb upb upb upb   spangl  body body body body  latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin latin  christian    sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy  strong strong  legend legend legend legend legend  goddess goddess goddess goddess  alexand  cov  geni geni geni  weird  feel feel  pow  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop   caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly caly  span span span span span span  catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy  top top  fem fem fem fem fem fem  fierc fierc fierc fierc fierc fierc  lov lov lov lov lov lov  hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel  happy   club club club club club  impress impress impress   sex sex sex sex sex   fus fus fus  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  ar  fun fun fun fun fun fun fun  lick lick   voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  fuck fuck fuck  deep  00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s  tag  tal tal tal tal tal tal tal tal  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit    pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull) pitbull)  miam miam  samb  shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir shakir   hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot  gre gre gre  party party party   beauty beauty beauty  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  nic  syn syn  mov mov mov mov   colomb colomb colomb colomb  addict addict addict addict addict addict addict  amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz  merengu merengu merengu merengu merengu merengu merengu merengu merengu merengu   person  eigh eigh eigh  notch notch  wow wow wow  awesom awesom awesom 