  <3  voc voc   emot emot  yeah  dead dead dead dead dead dead     emo-screamo emo-screamo  emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc  metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc     chaot  expery expery expery    wher  daniel  lov lov  boat  dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead,  daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel, daniel,   ddg    viol  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc      sreamo  mosh mosh mosh mosh  fuck fuck  met       gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg gorg   screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo  post post post  grindc grindc grindc  screaming screaming  mal mal  play   emo emo emo emo emo  drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop  favorit   scenec scenec   boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat? boat?     post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  loud   awesom awesom  