heart  sail  danggggggggggg  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc  fuck  chas  tag  scen  brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush  whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit  emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc emoc  metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc  depress  geil  ballroom  mus  morn  song song song  liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv  black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black  shit  easy easy  lov lov lov lov  correct  red  sux  altern altern  stueck  christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian  mainstream  beauty  red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red... red...  chao  southern  underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa underoa  warp  saf  met met met met  middl  post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  addict  screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo  post  smagak  boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy  school  hard  underoath-  emo emo  preferida  favorit  reg  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  dea  2008  2009  tast  awesom awesom 