altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  dant dant  favourit favourit  dont dont  voc voc voc voc  upb upb  jamaic jamaic  wallflow wallflow  brit brit  00s 00s  2000s 2000s  indie-pop indie-pop  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  zu zu  californ californ  mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow  yo yo  mus mus  underbart underbart  sum sum  memb memb  day day day day day day day day  jans jans  nam nam  bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel  liv liv liv liv  sunny sunny sunny sunny sunny sunny sunny sunny  lov lov  playl playl  tol tol  smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil  nyc nyc  holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday  2010 2010  chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout  garage-pop garage-pop  hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond,  solo solo  myhitparad myhitparad  beauty beauty beauty beauty  song song song song song song  strokes strokes strokes strokes  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  hammond hammond hammond hammond  albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert  gar gar  jr jr jr jr  top top  band band  hear hear  poprock poprock poprock poprock  tun tun tun tun  party party  plac plac  mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak  yr yr  mal mal mal mal  underwear underwear  feelgood feelgood  viel viel  somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm  solid solid  dig dig  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  gre gre  polbox79 polbox79  sophom sophom  annymix annymix  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  guit guit  radio radio  happy happy  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  awesom awesom 