chord  slow  apex  melod  gb1 gb1  dajan  spec spec spec spec spec  absolv absolv absolv  hit hit hit hit hit  song song song song song song song song song song song song  de  voic  dark  pract  therapy therapy therapy therapy  verg  du du  cool  live-memories live-memories live-memories live-memories  die  wond wond wond wond wond  stuff  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  guit  klasik  heavy  aru  framf  hard hard  tejko  husk husk  tijdloz  girl girl girl girl  ev ev  creep creep creep  dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian dian  90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s  mood  mus  blu  rep  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  yirim yirim  met met met met  uiett  ful  pur  bras  boy  acoust  cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov  tv  blizzard  rachel  hostkvall  giv giv giv  story  night night night night  suicid  class class  lov lov lov lov  damn  ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad  happy happy  oth  bittigim  al al  fest  spirit  bud  fly fly fly  1995 1995 1995  ar ar ar ar  hullabalooz  favourit favourit favourit favourit  voc  indy  trig  ir ir ir  fuck fuck fuck  therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy? therapy?  sad  tag  violin  nam  tim  gre  rememb rememb rememb rememb  parhautt  overal overal  beauty beauty beauty  track  mad  marco78trains  dram  mak mak  hurt hurt  mal  light  surku  favorit favorit favorit favorit  melanchol melanchol melanchol  wolo999  green  instru  2005 