gd gd  life-altering  rev  art  lyr lyr  voc  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  hard  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  caulfield  titl  tag  old-school  punkrock  alterindy  ev  hrdcore  90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s  sehr  ess ess  che  mus  californ  rep  - - -  nam  gschmeidig  jam  lov  stuff  skool-kiddypunk-markesque  wich  mal  w00tness  gre  caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield? caulfield?  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  inspir  star  mat  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  grung  6  fav  alternative-rock  band band  001  quest  wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot wrot  rec  pop-punk  hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold  day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day  zodo  punk-pop  10  school  1992 1992  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  writ  emus  stupid  green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green  500 500  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  ful  hav  awesom 