patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton patton  celebr  bril bril bril  perfect       piano    song song song song  mor   voic voic voic  hermos     retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo retrovertigo     night night night night       glassy  tem  somb somb   sex sex sex   ey  leapsandloved2010  ev ev ev  ep ep  90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s   mus mus mus mus mus mus  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery      progress progress progress progress progress   altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  nia   rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock   met met met met met  poprock  sing      tr1p   bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl bungl  chris     avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde       ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad ballad  holy   karaok   r0ck  funk    loung loung loung loung  1999 1999 1999  soul soul  fun  explod   favourit favourit  lyr lyr   fuck   sad sad sad sad sad sad    lov  attract attract attract  neo-soul neo-soul   mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik mik       mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.  gre gre gre gre gre  beauty  depress depress     dram dram     dav   melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol  fai     awesom 