chord  rom  text  heartfelt  verbot  becaus  melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho  emot emot  feat feat  suicida  stephany  rufusantony  gre  pretty  pussy pussy pussy pussy  sens  piano piano piano piano piano  absolv absolv  song song song song song song song song song song song song  de  desp  voic  quest quest quest quest quest quest  mon  titorsbroth  cool  die  cry  remind  stupid  rock rock  dedomingo  najsigt  ass  trixt  torch  grobow  mesonab  mbo-coco  ev  ouv  folk folk folk folk  depress depress  rebelsk  deprest  god  oniryczn  wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright wainwright  bird  anna  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf ruf  sexy  downtempo downtempo  duet duet duet  lushy  punk punk punk punk  und  sexyyy  lieb  derny  dont  chamb chamb chamb chamb chamb chamb chamb chamb  pow pow  wil  zab  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  andiophon  graycharl  cigaret  duc  lon lon  mark  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  hel  lovesick  atmosfer  wet wet wet wet  var  mellow mellow mellow mellow  dez  endog  minut  smartsensit  popdark  dea dea  ful  antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony antony  heart  favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit  zmierzch  lo-fi  fuck fuck  sad sad sad sad sad  heartbreak heartbreak  chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  mik  wainright  titl  moreoft  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  poetry  tyhjyy tyhjyy  thotepfavourit  do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do? do?  sick  aft aft  nastrojowo  frag  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  dusk dusk  track  fav  collab  arch  alcohol  mus mus mus mus  johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson johnson  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol  thi thi thi thi  2005  cabaretsingersongwritertort 