blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind  crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy  comput comput comput comput comput  indy indy indy indy indy  follow follow follow follow follow  electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic  rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy  jackson jackson jackson jackson jackson  stamp stamp stamp stamp stamp  expery expery expery expery expery  fast fast fast fast fast  beat beat beat beat beat  mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.  electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro  nu nu nu nu nu  track track track track track  psychoalgy psychoalgy psychoalgy psychoalgy psychoalgy  electrogefuckel electrogefuckel electrogefuckel electrogefuckel electrogefuckel  french french french french french french french french french french french french french french french french french french french french  khrdchillen khrdchillen khrdchillen khrdchillen khrdchillen  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  techno techno techno techno techno techno techno techno techno techno  link link link link link  togeth togeth togeth togeth togeth  fiv fiv fiv fiv fiv  day day day day day  concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto concerto  hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous  oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo oizo  dant dant dant dant dant  michael michael michael michael michael  bang bang bang bang bang  disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco  record record record record record record record record record record  instru instru instru instru instru  obeyo obeyo obeyo obeyo obeyo 