heavy  art  elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot elliot  angel  jes  wank  lo-fi  modern  twee  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  nostalg  sunday  baby  sadc  falsetto  melancho  hyp hyp hyp  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  californ  sav  folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk  city  lif  middl middl middl  beauty  mus  niic  furry  suicid  lik  sierr  los   lov lov lov lov lov  smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi smi  sweet  nellsrec  hav  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  looooovvvvv  accord accord accord accord accord  cal  dj  yo  song song song song song  chas  nic  class class class  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  rain  al al al  slowc  wear  plac plac plac plac plac  sing  mellow  sad  day  moody  tri  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  word  stretchead stretchead stretchead stretchead stretchead  chil  insid  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph  songwrit  jacket  tucson  l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a. l.a.  wond  punk  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  awesom 