 freakingawesom   mild   repetit    nois nois   melod  rhythm   song song  beav  de     band band band band band band band band band band band band  aesthet  bit   cimx-fm cimx-fm  syncop  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  3000   orgasm      90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s  dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa  ess ess  mus mus   expery expery expery expery  somafm somafm   altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  solo  hero hero hero  jr jr jr  key  afrek  sing     punk punk punk  vocal-centric  tour  geni   subtl  austin  elect elect elect  feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel  guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit  pop    amherst amherst amherst   1990s   friendsofthekingofrummelpop   top   2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2  lov  ton    happy    grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung   child  mellow   1994 1994 1994 1994   phrasing    acclaim  favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit  butthead  voc   favorit favorit favorit  lo-fi   all-time  intro       bagel bagel  post-punk post-punk post-punk  harmony  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.   noth    energet  pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain  track   pair   maj  class   indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  psychobaby  riff  writ  instru     awesom 