saxophon saxophon saxophon saxophon saxophon saxophon saxophon saxophon  bariton bariton  davaho53 davaho53 davaho53 davaho53 davaho53 davaho53  ten ten  favorit favorit  random random  curtis119 curtis119  malloy2000 malloy2000  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  fly fly  putawiggleinyourstrid putawiggleinyourstrid  cong cong  respect respect  trop trop  trumpet trumpet  mellow mellow  mainstream mainstream  moonshinenhandiwip moonshinenhandiwip  90s 90s  fip fip fip fip fip fip  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  mio mio  byrn byrn byrn byrn byrn byrn  top top top top  nee nee  - - - -  post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk  1988 1988  nam nam  start start  mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  synthpop synthpop  post-revolutionary post-revolutionary  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  party party party party  playl playl  moar moar  avantgard avantgard  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  trombon trombon trombon trombon  head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head  latin latin  door door  bass bass  song song song song song song  class class  good2 good2  sals sals  met met  york york  quirky quirky  post post  poss poss  jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon  alto alto  kor kor  cov cov  dant dant  cowbel cowbel  wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav  david david david david david david  record record  talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  rustycanuckforsp rustycanuckforsp rustycanuckforsp rustycanuckforsp rustycanuckforsp rustycanuckforsp  talkinghead talkinghead talkinghead talkinghead talkinghead talkinghead  amays amays amays amays amays amays amays amays amays amays 