rom rom rom rom rom rom rom  voc voc voc voc  favorit favorit  pot  hard hard hard hard hard  fuck fuck  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  brit brit  1980s  dm dm dm  radio  synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop  fantast fantast  shap  le le le  1983 1983 1983 1983 1983  tim  electronic electronic electronic  danceflo danceflo danceflo  top  treas  construct  indust indust indust indust indust  80er  3  lov lov lov  gem  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  lastfm  ciarry  singl  neighb  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  magick  depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech depech  star  uk  beauty  mein  nic  martin martin  syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn syn  then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then...  hand  electropop  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  britann  plan  half  102  synthrock  mal mal  pur  mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod mod  word  success  wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav  bpm  synthie-pop  melanchol melanchol  ellips  remast  -3  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  gor gor  synth-pop synth-pop 