 rom  brit brit brit brit  arm arm  melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho   alt  synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop   perfect perfect    forev forev  pretty pretty  sens sens  piano piano piano piano  yo yo yo  song song song song   dark  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx iamx    emo  list   collect  bad  rock   dead  sex      ev  melody melody   depress depress     expery  favor  smoo  progress    altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern   night   sexy sexy   trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop trip-hop  downtempo   boy  quiet   wolf  zexx   emot emot    atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph  electronic   lon  mal mal mal   lov lov lov lov lov  wav wav  chillout chillout chillout      electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash electroclash  mellow  sound sound      psixao  belov     heart   voc voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy  haunt  sad sad sad sad sad  tonight tonight  chil chil   trip   -  lik lik  hop  beauty beauty beauty beauty  track   eyelid   dram dram   died died   favorit favorit  s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e. s.h.e.   melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol  thi  everyth  dream  