rol rol rol  stfu  melancho  sadhappy  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect  slow  reap  2010  hav  hip hip hip  sound  prozd  27oooo  yeahh  yo yo yo yo yo  song song song song  mov mov mov  electron  shadow  thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes  conscy conscy conscy  comply  bar bar bar  anticon anticon anticon  fantastisk  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  emmy  ev ev ev  fost fost fost  ep  es  einfach-gut  luv luv luv  blum  rep  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm  stun stun stun stun stun stun stun stun stun stun  altern altern altern altern altern  rumin rumin rumin  deathamaphon  favy  tun  sing  fein fein fein  kavi  bon  presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid presid  regnet  mad  soc soc soc  hip-pop hip-pop hip-pop  feel  sach sach sach  pop pop pop  oakland  why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why?  rayharel rayharel rayharel  lyr  catchy  breakup  angry  crush-worthy  lov lov lov lov  post-revolutionary  niiy niiy niiy  lot lot lot  hein  fest  spin  to:  00s 00s 00s  pitchfork  fun fun fun fun fun fun  back-handed  favourit favourit favourit  sam  int  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract  deep deep deep  indien  ant  fly fly fly fly fly  check  pav  anywh anywh anywh anywh anywh  lik lik lik lik  bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel  simil  hop hop hop  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  nic  all-time-favorites  nix nix nix nix nix nix  addict  lat  2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008  indie-hop  mus  favorit favorit favorit favorit  thi  decemb  awesom 