ros  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  perfect  toro  crohn crohn crohn  2010  hip hip hip hip hip  bil  hit  song song song song song song song song song song  food food food  fav  dark  swearamaphon swearamaphon swearamaphon  day  anticon  gangst gangst gangst  rock  -mems-  temazo  eq  ep  hous  mus mus mus mus mus  anthem anthem anthem  sum  torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo torpedo  altern altern altern  insid insid insid  deathamaphon  burn  pluto  sing  thrift  study  nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix  -haggard-  improv improv improv  namedropamaphon namedropamaphon namedropamaphon  heart heart heart heart heart  feel feel feel  badass  why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why?  lyr  top top top  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  hel hel hel hel hel hel hel  crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's crohn's  rhymesay  chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout chillout  heal heal heal  shitamaphon shitamaphon shitamaphon  fest  town  ant  natattack: natattack: natattack:  pitchfork  abandon  dea  explod explod explod explod explod  real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  hip-pop  voc voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract  sad  00s  styl styl styl  chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil  beatz  californ  check  film  funny funny funny  rainy  hom  - - - - - - -  hop hop hop hop hop  party party party  mat  beauty  hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop  mak  indie-hop  kid kid kid  luv luv luv  angst angst angst  favorit favorit favorit  thi  2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008  talk talk talk 