wip  heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart  real  punk punk punk  voc voc voc voc voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi  guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit  fuck  zwup  sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad  teen teen teen  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  husk husk husk  amherst  brok brok brok  track  skateboard skateboard skateboard skateboard  alt alt alt alt alt alt alt  ev  fantast  unfuckwith  lando  wher wher wher wher wher wher wher  dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop  pav  oldy oldy oldy  test  1  burm burm burm   simil simil simil simil simil simil simil simil simil  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  build  sebadoh sebadoh sebadoh  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  destroy  amaz  nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois  hav  1987  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  solo solo solo solo solo solo  program  shann  stomach stomach stomach  song song song song song song song  grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  guid guid guid  voic voic voic  soniczz  underground underground underground  rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais rais  link  jr jr jr  fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy  grungy  sing sing sing sing  mak  du du du  mal mal mal mal mal mal  spil spil spil  tug tug tug  to: to: to: to: to: to: to: to: to:  minutem minutem minutem  lam lam lam  mus  heartb  90s 90s 90s 90s  cool  ach ach ach  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  gre  stuff  loud  thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  fun fun fun fun  built built built  bong bong bong bong bong bong bong  strings strings strings  awesom awesom awesom 