rom rom rom rom  pant  boot  fifty       fir  dystop  post-punk post-punk  tast  retro-active  fly fly fly  bil bil  wil wil  yo  song song song song song   electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron    brit     list list   stuff   radio    hard hard hard   electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric? electric?  num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num num   girl   electroch  mus  rep  expery  supery  nuernberg   plonky  altern altern altern altern   boy-electro  rock rock rock rock rock  70s 70s 70s      ash ash ash    1970s      pop pop pop pop pop    gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary   favourit   electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic   friendsofthekingofrummelpop   chrome  top   -  093094    make-up  wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav  happy  oth   -n3  quattro   lovedbybeyondwithin  fest       dant  flo    plinky   fuck  ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar  check  stil stil      synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop   peopl  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s   electro electro electro electro electro   play  olsp   track track  syn syn syn syn    'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends' 'friends'  mak    1979 1979 1979   mast  thi   lying 