altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  sad sad sad  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  ic ic ic  songwrit songwrit songwrit  cream cream cream  ev ev ev  beauty beauty beauty  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  lon lon lon  liv liv liv  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  aft aft aft  piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano  hav hav hav  body body body  head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head  absolv absolv absolv  amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo  dusk dusk dusk  hap hap hap  klim klim klim  adult adult adult  sing sing sing  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  wiosn wiosn wiosn  strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand strand  goddess goddess goddess  acoust acoust acoust  word word word word word word word word word word word word word word  chlodnym chlodnym chlodnym  30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  dew dew dew  here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here. here.  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass grass  salt salt salt  awesom awesom awesom 