test1 test1  aa aa aa aa aa  gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  stream stream  so-cal so-cal  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  ant ant  sloco sloco  bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch  chil chil chil chil chil  pass pass  oldschool oldschool  californ californ  negg negg  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  90s 90s  wee wee  ment ment  unknown unknown  whop whop  turnt turnt  afterma afterma afterma afterma afterma  lov lov  west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west west  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  relaxx relaxx  party party  gre gre gre gre gre  kick kick  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  lucipro lucipro  hipphop hipphop  post post  wr1 wr1  fav fav  coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast coast  brain2brain brain2brain  lat lat  100 100  fav0urit3 fav0urit3  dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr  schrockstar schrockstar  don don  play1 play1  deeep deeep  tru tru tru tru tru  compton compton  soul soul  niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz  groov groov groov groov groov  funky funky  undrgrnd undrgrnd  night night  dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre  kozak kozak 