chord chord chord  beatlesqu  schoen  cut cut cut cut  weath weath  swoon  forev  jam  pretty  fuel fuel fuel  2010  intellipop  yo  song song song song song song song  mor mor  band band band  quest quest  bamb  daydream  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  cry  list list  ryan  disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco  irresist irresist  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  soft  orgasm orgasm  sen sen  folk  depress  mus mus  ponad  sum sum sum  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  bden  limec  sing sing  boy  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  tekst  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing? seeing?  contract contract  songwrit  ily  wszystko  chamb  orchest orchest  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  fantasy  simply simply  emoc  pop-punk pop-punk  strictly  hey  tot tot tot  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  calm  loung  boysy  relax  allway  panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic!  fuck fuck fuck  mellow mellow  word word word word word  nostalg  ain  cal  irgendwy  bittersweet  favourit favourit  <3  voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  ram ram ram  beatl beatl  rip  00s  check check  lif  welcom  -  pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan  brendon  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  mak  mal  amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz  perfeita  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  dog  person person  2000  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  ury ury  fontain 