ktbs  favourit  <3  voc voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  beatlesqu beatlesqu beatlesqu beatlesqu  som  al  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  walk  energet  2000s 2000s 2000s  drug  ev  folk folk folk folk  dont  pur  rainy  cut cut cut  punkemo  mus mus mus mus mus mus  catchy  titl titl titl titl titl titl titl  someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth someth  p!atd  sometim  saxamaphon  day  list  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  rozkoszn  pretty pretty pretty  sweet  ska  piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano  pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  boysy  nam  beauty beauty beauty  song song song song song song song song song song song song song  track  limec  panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic!  singalong singalong singalong singalong  fuck fuck fuck fuck  shud  intens  dreamy  dobry  gorg  extraordin  sing  apumrwork  mal mal mal  jon  amaz  psychedel psychedel psychedel  nao  word word word word word word word word word  mov  dzi  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  od od od  punk punk punk  contract  disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco  wond  person  lik  thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  simply  ful ful ful  czasoumilacz  pow  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  awesom 