bestsongsof2008  brit  radio  vamp  bacan  slow  jak  rhythm  aitchawak  kick  hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond,  hit  song song song  doch  groovejam  dreamy  aesthet  das  pop-infused  gift  die  list list list list list list  rokk  stuff stuff  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  mdm  sigh  gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc gfc  mus mus mus  sum sum sum sum  track  sublim  awak  roqueinrou  boost  garage-pop  altern altern altern altern altern altern  extend  asz  jr jr jr jr jr jr  york  tun  sexy  sind  acoust  vocal-centric  ov ov  road  elect elect  key  feel  guit guit guit  pop pop pop pop pop  2000s  100  thesixtyon  los  top  start  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  moonh8sun moonh8sun  ton  awesum  relax  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  m85  albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert  haunt  huu  aww  aitchchil aitchchil aitchchil  mellow  ear ear  sound  pop-inspired  real  favourit  indie-pop  angel  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  wann  fuck  00s 00s  chil chil chil  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  jamond  californ  min  travel  - -  lik lik  ny  liv  woooaahh  nyc  aitch aitch aitch  stat  strokes strokes strokes strokes strokes strokes  nic  hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond  discov  sharp-guitar  guadalup  ghost  touchy  favorit favorit  instru  thi  2008 2008 2008 2008 2008 2008  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 