gossip  cut cut cut cut   pow  fuel fuel fuel  2012 2012   yo  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song   fav  band    day day  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  cry cry  list  irresist  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  becket   pleas pleas  art  upb  nonguil  girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl  ev ev ev  mus    altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern     reason reason   sing sing   william  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk   chang  angry angry    wil  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  guil      catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy   fast   lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov   powerpop    academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy  x3 x3   dant   den  fun fun   heart heart heart heart heart  acclaim  <3  voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy  ram ram ram  fuck fuck fuck fuck  is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is...  00s   tai  lif lif  excel excel  tim    songz     discov discov  soundtrack   mad  mal  amaz amaz amaz  particul particul  luv  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit   thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  2008 2008 2008 2008  sum  awesom awesom awesom 