shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark shark  favourit favourit favourit  punk punk punk  lyr lyr lyr  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc  rad rad rad  ins ins ins  michig michig michig  brok brok brok  ev ev ev ev ev ev  cigaret cigaret cigaret  joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly joly  marc marc marc marc marc marc marc marc marc  post-hardcorem post-hardcorem post-hardcorem  god god god  expery expery expery  hist hist hist  rawkc rawkc rawkc  liv liv liv  damn damn damn  smok smok smok  paff paff paff paff paff paff paff paff paff  altern altern altern  pretty pretty pretty  song song song song song song song song song  mem mem mem mem mem mem mem mem mem  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  fav fav fav  bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear  fuck fuck fuck  band band band band band band  post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  post post post post post post  vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs.  amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz  ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma  dant dant dant  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  soul soul soul  wyat wyat wyat  remind remind remind  awesom awesom awesom  geni geni geni  cri cri cri  kickin kickin kickin  clap clap clap 