someday someday  perok  pacnw  sweet  beatl beatl  cassino  alt alt alt alt  2000s  chil  touch  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  portland portland  lik  mellow  folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk  album  q3  mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil mil  tim  catchy  m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m. m.  dud  littl  u2 u2  moth moth  palac  lov lov lov lov  easy  summertim  kingprint  ipod  beard  oth  buy buy  exub  song song  strokes strokes strokes strokes strokes  hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr hundr  soulsong soulsong  al  riv  singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill  fai  tun  sing  ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward ward  weep weep  thumb  4twentyninesteps  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  bunbury bunbury  country country country country  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  nostalg  wint  willow willow  mw  und und  night night  4jsfolk  sooth  agu  2009  tre tre  favorit  radio  timec 