pleas     voc voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  ram ram       guil     hardc      mal mal    catchy catchy  god god god god     wel wel     lov lov lov lov  build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build build  fuel fuel    amaz  pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan   altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern    pop-rock  song song     panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic!   fuck  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy    pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god, god,   screamo     mak  word   awesom awesom awesom  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk   disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco      rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  fun  happy    talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk  patd patd 