hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop  opod opod opod  finest finest finest  blig blig blig  czasy czasy czasy  50 50 50  deskorolk deskorolk deskorolk  heavyweight heavyweight heavyweight  champ champ champ  lloyd lloyd lloyd  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  blanty blanty blanty  ev ev ev  ep ep ep  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  wee wee wee  perfect perfect perfect  90s 90s 90s  stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil stil  snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop snoop  hon hon hon  anthem anthem anthem  top top top  2000 2000 2000  40 40 40  class class class  beat beat beat  pelnes pelnes pelnes  funk funk funk  bank bank bank  hop hop hop  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  party party party party party party party party party  mary mary mary  chillout chillout chillout  rozkurw rozkurw rozkurw  hip hip hip  stat stat stat  song song song song song song  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  kurwy kurwy kurwy  collab collab collab  xzibit xzibit xzibit  eminem eminem eminem  gam gam gam  cent cent cent  track track track  reef reef reef  420 420 420  coast coast coast  dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr  legend legend legend  piosenk piosenk piosenk  oporowy oporowy oporowy  stuff stuff stuff  mus mus mus mus mus mus  chronic chronic chronic  piekn piekn piekn piekn piekn piekn  dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg) dogg)  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog  ambrosi ambrosi ambrosi  marsh marsh marsh  d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e. d.r.e.  gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst gangst  2001 2001 2001  masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec  west west west  softisch softisch softisch  dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre dre  bangy bangy bangy 