elect elect elect  influ influ influ  film film film  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  punk punk punk  inspir inspir inspir  pop pop pop  sad sad sad sad sad sad  lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion lion  video video video  movy movy movy  pra pra pra  intellectuel intellectuel intellectuel  dreamin dreamin dreamin dreamin dreamin dreamin  folk folk folk folk folk folk  lyr lyr lyr  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  min min min  seifenblas seifenblas seifenblas  hemisph hemisph hemisph hemisph hemisph hemisph  st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st.  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  wor wor wor  mix mix mix  jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  harmony harmony harmony  rhythm rhythm rhythm  rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc rebecc  ton ton ton  piano piano piano piano piano piano  mir mir mir  structures structures structures  gre gre gre  kaput kaput kaput  altern altern altern  goth goth goth goth goth goth  christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian christian  string string string  mein mein mein  ensembl ensembl ensembl  southern southern southern southern southern southern  narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn narn  disney disney disney  heav heav heav  met met met met met met  gam gam gam  nicht nicht nicht  key key key  song song song  twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight twilight  class class class  mach mach mach  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  bas bas bas  rol rol rol  folkl folkl folkl  favorit favorit favorit  instru instru instru instru instru instru  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  shatterrealm shatterrealm shatterrealm  subtl subtl subtl  mann mann mann 