pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas  houston houston houston houston houston  angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel angel  voc voc voc voc voc  al al al al al  bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring  tag tag tag tag tag  mak mak mak mak mak  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  grown grown grown grown grown  whitney whitney whitney whitney whitney  blu blu blu blu blu  top top top top top  slept slept slept slept slept  40 40 40 40 40  r&b r&b r&b r&b r&b  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  low low low low low low low low low low  storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm  wav wav wav wav wav  sound sound sound sound sound   yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo  rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb rnb  then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then... then...  joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe joe  sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy  rhyth rhyth rhyth rhyth rhyth  mal mal mal mal mal  florentin florentin florentin florentin florentin  sdz sdz sdz sdz sdz  mus mus mus mus mus  urb urb urb urb urb urb urb urb urb urb   light light light light light light light light light light  quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet  tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru  winbush winbush winbush winbush winbush winbush winbush winbush winbush winbush 