wif wif  dant dant  friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop  locust locust  menac menac menac menac menac  abort abort  thug thug thug thug thug  scar scar  good0 good0  1987 1987 1987 1987 1987  harsh harsh harsh harsh harsh  mus mus  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  3 3  hafen1 hafen1  fract fract  post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk  lov lov  4 4  thump thump  80s 80s  techn techn  hat hat  avant-guarde avant-guarde  surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf surf  pre-and-post pre-and-post  beat beat  u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a. u.s.s.a.  underground underground  avant-garde avant-garde  wtf wtf  post post  nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  unsettl unsettl  crunchy crunchy  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  dea dea  pow pow  butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol butthol 