nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  list list list  fuck fuck fuck  looooooooong looooooooong looooooooong  instrumentalno instrumentalno instrumentalno  mistag mistag mistag  lov lov lov lov lov lov  goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth  atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph  trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip trip  eksperymentaln eksperymentaln eksperymentaln  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  specyficzn specyficzn specyficzn  transym transym transym transym transym transym  q4 q4 q4  trip-rock trip-rock trip-rock  spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac  shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep  1 1 1  track track track track track track track track track track track track  mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak  gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath gath  post-rock post-rock post-rock  easy easy easy  muzsik muzsik muzsik  :d :d :d  progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress  doom doom doom  amaz amaz amaz  chillout chillout chillout  instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru  altern altern altern altern altern altern  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  stat stat stat stat stat stat  valo valo valo  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  song song song song song song song song song  mem mem mem  szekszualizalashoz szekszualizalashoz szekszualizalashoz  hang hang hang hang hang hang  voic voic voic  trippy trippy trippy  al al al  dark dark dark  met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met  journey journey journey  dreamy dreamy dreamy  front front front  planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet? planet?  cd cd cd  langu langu langu  ful ful ful  amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby amby  groovy groovy groovy  meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas meas  genre: genre: genre:  favorit favorit favorit  fav fav fav  melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol  soundscap soundscap soundscap  thi thi thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiii  russ russ russ  eth eth eth eth eth eth  trant trant trant trant trant trant  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 