satir satir satir  oth  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  art  deal deal deal  favorit  conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv  som  deep deep deep deep deep deep deep  a9  pop pop pop  sax  sadn  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  detect  1968 1968 1968  moros moros moros moros moros moros moros  lib lib lib  wreck  nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee  tp  peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac peac  wer  gre gre gre  lov  hum  crimson crimson crimson crimson crimson crimson crimson  progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress  comedy  velvel  rockart  500  taureclass  altern altern altern altern altern  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  stat  60s 60s 60s  song  frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank  bid  prog  proto-punk  1960s 1960s 1960s  jazzetc  joint  avant-garde  taure60s  hippy  taurepsych  america  class class class class class class class  cool  dil dil dil dil dil dil dil  zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp  band  money  stun  punk  88  corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps? corps?  ten  jel  lyr lyr lyr  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  dea  antony  tru  imposs imposs imposs  awesom  costello 