sev  tryphon  art art art  deal  porn  conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv conserv  1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s  pop pop pop  ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar  zappa-esque zappa-esque zappa-esque  sikk  electronich electronich electronich  pornogrind  electroch electroch electroch  moros moros moros  lib  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up? up?  hum  crimson crimson crimson  progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress  comedy  freaky freaky freaky  rockart rockart rockart  altern altern altern altern altern  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s  frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank frank  kit  motorway  prog prog prog  electron  deep deep deep  wtf  hippy  taurepsych  taure60s  class class class  dil dil dil  zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp zapp  punk punk punk  gle  oth  taureclass  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung hung  imposs 