voc voc voc voc voc  lyr lyr  redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman) redman)  queen  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  sex  00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s   tag  bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch  contik  musik musik musik musik musik musik musik  favourit  girl  feat feat  ep  redm redm  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  groundbreak groundbreak groundbreak groundbreak groundbreak groundbreak groundbreak  crunk crunk crunk crunk crunk crunk crunk  god  fem fem fem fem fem  fierc  compos compos  wor wor  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  hot hot hot hot  gre gre  lov lov  hood   mor mor  underground  8  icon  hino  singl singl singl singl singl singl singl singl  hip hip  energet energet energet energet energet energet energet energet energet energet  star  hop hop  dancepop  song song song song song  club  rnb  fav  collab collab collab collab collab collab collab collab collab collab collab  dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty dirrty  cle  eletronic eletronic  party  sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy  mak mak  legend legend legend legend legend legend legend  cool  10  christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina  rockwild rockwild rockwild rockwild rockwild rockwild rockwild  aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler aguiler  shit  soul soul  seduc seduc seduc seduc  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  list list  ont ont  wer wer  2002  collect  masterpiec  thi thi  rock  track  div 