rol rol rol  progdino progdino progdino  laptop laptop laptop  vary vary vary  deep deep deep deep deep deep deep  brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit  symphon symphon symphon symphon symphon symphon symphon  sooz sooz sooz  atmosph atmosph atmosph  ray ray ray  1968 1968 1968  moros moros moros moros moros moros moros  mus mus mus  blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu  song song song  thoma thoma thoma  easy easy easy  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  crimson crimson crimson crimson crimson crimson crimson  quirky quirky quirky  presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum presum  moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody moody  gotch gotch gotch  altern altern altern  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  anim anim anim  lp lp lp  60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s 60s  relax relax relax  rub rub rub  livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone, livingstone,  mood mood mood  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress  invas invas invas  org org org  mellow mellow mellow  class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class  che che che  dil dil dil dil dil dil dil  list list list  contemp contemp contemp  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  fun fun fun  soft soft soft  strings strings strings  wind wind wind  adult adult adult 