rol rol  glup glup glup glup  radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio  hypel hypel  perfect perfect  stockings: stockings:  predivno predivno predivno predivno predivno predivno  littl littl  roadtrip roadtrip roadtrip roadtrip  melod melod  4 4  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  da da da da da da  band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band band  dreamy dreamy  mom mom  day day  cool cool cool cool cool cool  school school  lost lost lost lost  headphon headphon  list list  wond wond  bad bad  rock rock rock rock  haventgotaband haventgotaband  whil whil  swedencool1 swedencool1  jump jump  girl girl  ev ev ev ev ev ev  ehrlich ehrlich  rep rep rep rep rep rep  nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee  optim optim  3 3  kaj kaj kaj kaj  playl playl playl playl playl playl  altern altern  rijec rijec rijec rijec rijec rijec  alind alind  night night  sing sing  ja ja  pur pur  divno divno divno divno divno divno  od od  david david  love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love,  eth eth  wif wif  dont dont  sweet sweet  guit guit  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  walk walk  scandinav scandinav  duhovito duhovito duhovito duhovito duhovito duhovito  je je je je  atmosph atmosph  wal wal  twe twe  spac spac  shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz  swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed swed  lol lol  kof kof  froz froz  lov lov lov lov  morn morn  gluplj gluplj  happy happy happy happy  finast finast  hold hold  dant dant  nostalg nostalg  dept dept  fun fun  bittersweet bittersweet  favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit  sam sam  favorit favorit favorit favorit  fuck fuck  ar ar  tak tak  brijem brijem brijem brijem brijem brijem  min min  titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl  tim tim  gre gre  dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept. dept.  beach beach  play play  beauty beauty beauty beauty  lak lak  track track  nic nic  geni geni  hand hand  soundtrack soundtrack  lat lat  grow grow  gitar gitar  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream 