yeh yeh  pant pant  excel excel  half half  dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy  brain brain  talk talk  perfect perfect  zivot zivot  tim tim  weath weath  sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky sky  day day  wer wer wer wer wer wer  cud cud  hypnot hypnot hypnot hypnot  radosc radosc radosc radosc  absolv absolv absolv absolv  unus unus  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  mor mor mor mor mor mor  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  quest quest quest quest  volum volum volum volum  euph euph euph euph  blingtacul blingtacul  fag fag  najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz najdraz  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  energ energ energ energ  audioas audioas  grat grat  collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect  gran gran gran gran  rock rock rock rock rock rock  sexiest sexiest  art art  overwhelm overwhelm  list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list list  folk-oriental folk-oriental folk-oriental folk-oriental  dead dead  sign sign  resist resist  sampl sampl  ev ev ev ev ev ev  luv luv  anthem anthem  rep rep  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  bubbl bubbl  pitchfork pitchfork  supery supery supery supery  pozo pozo  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  omg omg  svemir svemir  slow slow  je je je je je je je je je je  100 100  hummen hummen hummen hummen  minut minut  pur pur pur pur pur pur  wait wait  box box box box box box  jam jam  postoj postoj  ov ov ov ov ov ov ov ov ov ov  weird weird weird weird  lifetim lifetim  bod bod  top top  fuckin fuckin  pozytywn pozytywn pozytywn pozytywn  feel feel  sweet sweet sweet sweet  want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want? want?  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  punctu punctu  sonikow sonikow  pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon  catchy catchy  cloud-based-bassoverload-and cloud-based-bassoverload-and  shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz  kiju kiju  ovo ovo ovo ovo ovo ovo ovo ovo ovo ovo  intellig intellig  avey avey  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil  kaleidoscop kaleidoscop  head head  psychdel psychdel  peopl peopl peopl peopl  catch catch catch catch  cloudwalk cloudwalk cloudwalk cloudwalk  sound sound sound sound  planetu planetu planetu planetu planetu planetu planetu planetu planetu planetu  7-8 7-8  neo-psychedelia neo-psychedelia neo-psychedelia neo-psychedelia neo-psychedelia neo-psychedelia  sto sto  mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi  air air air air  uh uh  flo flo flo flo  4:05 4:05  ful ful ful ful  explod explod  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  wann wann wann wann  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  autumn autumn autumn autumn  anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim anim  slak slak  chil chil chil chil  sav sav  shit shit  sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir  cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom cijelom  perform perform perform perform perform perform  titl titl  more-songs more-songs  lik lik lik lik  psychotrop psychotrop  gre gre gre gre gre gre  5 5  pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm pjesm  confid confid  play play play play  beauty beauty  track track  nix nix nix nix nix nix nix nix  mad mad  plac plac  mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak mak  mal mal mal mal  amaz amaz  mus mus mus mus  dream dream  sve sve  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  wint wint  lil lil  2009-10 2009-10  instru instru instru instru instru instru  thi thi thi thi thi thi  americ americ americ americ  2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009  tast tast tast tast  robert robert  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 