80dance  excel  badellozheninn  radio radio radio  follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  perfect  cur  woopwoop  jam  thump thump  east  jumpy  kich kich  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  duo  vers  yo  mein mein  beat beat beat beat  workout  jazz  coast  break break  underground  breakb  day  cool  school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school school  emc  headphon  turnt turnt  hyp  flashy  night  tru tru tru tru  90er 90er  3000  ass  intellig intellig  goddamn  b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b. b.  knowledg  street  sampl  20120312  radiohead radiohead radiohead radiohead  ep  er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er  lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead  god  nee  furth  wor  smoo  jop  investig  chart chart chart chart  york york york york york  tun  legend  skool skool skool  metro metro  cadenz cadenz  skateboard  funky funky  ov  ilx  origin  davaho53 davaho53 davaho53  b-boy b-boy  lat  pol  acclaim  stark  strombo  influ  stream  & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &  top  electglitchdubhop electglitchdubhop  1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988 1988  lov lov lov lov  feinkost  pazz  - -  gar gar  liebst liebst  ss2011 ss2011  uncool  funk  sound  der der  soul  fun  minut  classickhiphop  real  kellerleich kellerleich  chil  lyr  fury  flow  ar  bogart  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  jogart  shit  phantom  mbul  fhrollinghiphoprap  poetry  zon  wher  gre gre  5  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  semin  hiphop hiphop hiphop  kap kap  bikey  dram  class class class class class class class class  rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim rakim  mus  urb  favorit favorit favorit favorit  awesom  thi thi  dop  amays amays amays amays 