c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l.  rol  xapad  fond fond  radio  chillin chillin chillin  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  pedro pedro  kmem6800  cle  day day  jam  east  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  song song  beat  rnb rnb  jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz  sunny sunny  coast  ston  goos  fullest  breakd  cool  school school school school school  blunt  list  true-skool  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  g-funk  tru tru tru tru  bump  tee  ev  90s 90s 90s  mus  pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet  takin  nee  smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo  mem mem  bk bk bk  jazzy jazzy jazzy  sexy  ore  streetriding  ol  skool skool skool skool  ish  und  strictly  road  zum  szmatooo  pop  cric  rapshit  pr  bigy  kopfnick  & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &  undergound  dub  xyform  fet  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  tom  morn  musik  jazz-hop  boys  spirit  funk  1994 1994 1994  loung  flowhop  dant  soul  asapy  classickhiphop  real real real real real real  barturismoo  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  stream  favorit  deep deep  chil chil  trip  tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak  - -  poetry  lik  1  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  sid  underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground  party  beach  stat  nin  bujalo  drink  nie  hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop  fresh  da  class class  bangin  indy  fejd  ickehit  ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther ther 