pleas pleas  voc  win win win win win win win win  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc  fuck  sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex   eargasm eargasm eargasm    ep ep ep ep  metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc metalc   chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol chocol  network  louvenoir louvenoir  trancec trancec   attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack attack   lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack! attack!   breakdown breakdown breakdown  de de  christian  screams screams screams screams  song song song song   gut gut gut gut  fav fav  band band band  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  les les  post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo  post post post post  ear ear  thes thes thes   electroc  boy boy boy    crabc crabc crabc crabc crabc crabc   thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock   awesom awesom awesom 