ass  mag  voc voc voc voc voc  feel  sweet sweet sweet sweet  som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som som  becaus  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit  gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz gorillaz  radio  uk  skin  ganj  10s 10s 10s 10s 10s 10s 10s  electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  graft  roundabout  dial  amby amby amby amby amby  mus  hip hip  eletron  melt  synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop  housework  4  nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat nat  lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou lou  damon damon damon  syn syn syn syn syn syn  awesome-ness awesome-ness  prep  ree ree ree ree ree ree ree ree ree ree  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  stat  hop hop  song  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  voic  yeah yeah yeah yeah  soundtrack  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  hear  lay  workjam  fac  eletrohop  reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed) reed)  mal mal mal mal mal mal  aspendalepok  albarn albarn albarn  indy indy indy indy  synthes synthes  2010 2010 2010  thi  rock rock rock  duet  happy  left 