hip hip hip hip hip hip  crazy crazy  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect elect  barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell barbarell  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  favorit favorit  mayb mayb  steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin steppin  drug drug drug drug  rap rap  10s 10s  girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl  tet tet tet tet  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  engl engl  party party party party party party party party party party party party party party  fuggin fuggin  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  tim tim  crunk crunk  sum sum  song song  puredirtfil puredirtfil  indust indust  list list  liv liv liv liv liv liv liv liv  afrik afrik  expery expery expery expery  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  smil smil  lov lov lov lov  woobl woobl  electro electro electro electro  2010 2010  altern altern altern altern altern altern  ethn ethn  vibesquad vibesquad  yo yo  lend lend  din din din din din din din din  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a. m.i.a.  apocalyps apocalyps  techno techno techno techno  half half  chainsaw chainsaw  fac fac  mak mak  cool cool  apocalipt apocalipt  electro-hip electro-hip  bas bas  brat brat  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  punk punk punk punk  lank lank  distract distract  sri sri  tho tho  mia mia mia mia  switch switch  stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  dubstep dubstep dubstep dubstep  weird weird weird weird weird weird  8-bit 8-bit 8-bit 8-bit  pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow 