kss1984 kss1984  c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l. c.l.  finest finest  stream stream  explicit explicit  cric cric   radio radio  bogart bogart bogart bogart bogart bogart bogart  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  rid rid  beatz beatz  jogart jogart jogart jogart jogart jogart jogart  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  90s 90s  ess ess  log log  gwhh gwhh  & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &  pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet pet  undergound undergound undergound undergound undergound  mff mff  - -  stark stark stark stark stark stark stark  class class class class class class class  ny ny  smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo smoo  lov lov  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground  main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main main  happy happy  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  fun fun  head head  curbsid curbsid   song song  beat beat  fav fav fav fav fav  da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da  break break break break break break break break break break break break  joint joint joint joint joint  electron electron  york york  kil kil  coast coast  wavey wavey  cool cool  rhym rhym  massacr massacr  east east  skool skool skool skool skool skool skool skool skool skool skool skool  mount mount  strictly strictly strictly strictly strictly  flow flow flow flow flow flow flow  vernon vernon  turnt turnt  groov groov  ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy ingredy  chillax chillax  nod nod  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real  tru tru tru tru tru tru tru  classickhiphop classickhiphop classickhiphop classickhiphop classickhiphop 