jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy jessy  aaawwweeesssooomm aaawwweeesssooomm aaawwweeesssooomm aaawwweeesssooomm  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  chiclet chiclet chiclet chiclet  pric pric pric pric pric pric pric pric pric  consegu consegu  toby toby  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  brit brit brit brit brit brit  ooooooooowowowo ooooooooowowowo  ar ar  homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless  download download  10s 10s  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  giv giv giv giv giv giv  lif lif lif lif  gad gad  mil mil mil mil  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  r&b r&b  anoth anoth anoth anoth anoth anoth  vez vez vez vez  lv lv  pesquis pesquis  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  neo-soul neo-soul  peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl peopl  music music music music  batm batm  females females  song song song song  assim assim  rnb rnb  socorroooooo socorroooooo socorroooooo socorroooooo  lindo lindo lindo lindo  pesso pesso  heav heav  como como  kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil kil  loooooooooov loooooooooov  sing sing  possivel possivel possivel possivel  l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e. l.o.v.e.  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  arrepio arrepio  favorito favorito favorito favorito  list list list list list list  soul soul soul soul  lindoooooooooo lindoooooooooo lindoooooooooo lindoooooooooo  um um  contemp contemp  tag tag tag tag tag tag tag tag tag  talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk  loud loud  se se se se 