heart heart  driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv  favourit favourit  ag ag  pant pant  cosm cosm  wil wil wil wil wil wil  rickrol rickrol  tonight tonight  heard heard heard heard  strombo strombo strombo strombo strombo strombo  melody melody  electronic electronic  escob escob  stil stil  stim stim  posh posh  duo duo  catchy catchy  spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac spac  secret secret  synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop synthpop  beat beat beat beat beat beat  nu-disco nu-disco  lov lov  fant fant  easy easy easy easy easy easy  hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc hoverc  electro electro electro electro  dfa dfa dfa dfa dfa dfa dfa dfa  nu nu  kick kick  happy happy  ass ass  holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy  song song  ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost! ghost!  yo yo  electron electron electron electron electron electron  hear hear hear hear hear hear  wear wear  blingtacul blingtacul  dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust  mak mak  funn funn  ghost ghost  word word  metro metro  a-trak a-trak  hous hous  tanzdrang tanzdrang  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco  person person  hav hav  thi thi thi thi thi thi  gut gut  el el  understand understand  sho sho 