rousedow  alb  radio radio radio radio  elizabe  perfect  cur  delicy  post-punk  melod melod  4  els  jukebox  hav hav  song song song song song song  xandriell  dec-05 dec-05  octob  tri  bas  bab bab bab  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  soft  mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac mirac  ars  goddamn  radiohead radiohead  ev ev ev  saturday  07  mus  08  somafm somafm somafm  superb  wom  outgo  scorn  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm  finnegans69  key  sing sing  acoust  punk  drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug drug  songwrit  catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy  eth  subtl  fuckin  op  wid  elect  pow pow pow pow  guit  period period  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  shinzy  set  softy  ohh  fantast fantast  bount  fee  wah  canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad  top-30s top-30s  lov lov lov lov  ton  structures  mary  happy happy happy  indiepop  singalong  quirky  repetit  a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c.  phrasing  dant dant dant  fun  crazy  favourit favourit  voc voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  suuny  fuck  00s 00s 00s  novemb  tag tag  indie-pop  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  tak  sphaerische-indie-klaenge  anoth  - - - -  lik  bagel bagel bagel  mix mix mix  hot  harmony  sid  righttt  energet  pornograph pornograph  track track  fav  eclect eclect  juny  mak  maj  mal  amaz  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  strutting  person  instru instru  2004  sum sum  awesom awesom awesom 