heart heart heart heart heart  ac ac ac ac ac  rom rom rom rom rom  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  list list list list list  random random random random random  al al al al al  tambourin tambourin tambourin tambourin tambourin  horn horn horn horn horn  shinzy shinzy shinzy shinzy shinzy  melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho  chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud  grat grat grat grat grat  pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray  duyst duyst duyst duyst duyst  thursday thursday thursday thursday thursday  sur sur sur sur sur  sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet  ohemmg ohemmg ohemmg ohemmg ohemmg  altern altern altern altern altern  play play play play play  cancon cancon cancon cancon cancon  newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm newm  sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow  stev stev stev stev stev  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow  mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal  a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c. a.c.  sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs  goody goody goody goody goody  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  nostalg nostalg nostalg nostalg nostalg  canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad canad  wond wond wond wond wond  newman- newman- newman- newman- newman-  instru instru instru instru instru  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  inst inst inst inst inst  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit 