altern altern  brauchich brauchich  voc voc  al al al al  bril bril bril bril  fuck fuck fuck fuck  pop pop  sad sad sad sad  melancho melancho melancho melancho  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  10s 10s  favourit favourit favourit favourit  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  lif lif lif lif  top top  40 40  day day day day day day day day day  r&b r&b  liv liv liv liv  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno bruno  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking  piano piano  east east  midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest midwest  piss piss  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  play play play play  mar mar mar mar  thi thi thi thi  amaz amaz amaz amaz  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil evil  maxim maxim  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  volum volum volum volum  addict addict addict addict  boyband boyband  sexy sexy  coast coast  mal mal  2011 2011 2011 2011  incred incred incred incred  light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light  list list list list list list list list list  bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad  mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars) mars)  uk uk  meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet  ful ful ful ful  bev bev  awesom awesom awesom awesom 