touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch  lik  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  adv  sex-crazed  cool  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  dj  song  beat  mor  autom  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  shadow  breakb  dr  day  endless  rhym rhym rhym  list  turnt  bong  pleas  sex sex sex  sampl  girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl  amby  mus mus mus  slick  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  doggy  kopfnickender-b0lzen  altern altern altern  kei  kool  rub  jazzy  wear  carm  sexy sexy sexy  downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo  silent-film  futin  leath  misogyn  som  makin  wordplay  laugh  soul  diff  electronic electronic electronic  smal  laidback  ingor-dance  head  accompany  gear  spit  gar  baby  gynecolog  flip  sum-thin  favourit  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  voc  abstract  al  styl  chil  pornoc pornoc pornoc  beatz  trip  boot  check  wher  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  rnb  underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground  extraordinair  hawt  rjd2  octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon octagon  orthopa  mak  mal  capmanslovedtrack  doc  flop  instru instru instru  thi 