famy  childr  hom  voc voc voc voc voc  ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar  taurey  fir  slow  che  ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell ell  ny  fem fem fem fem fem  fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald fitzgerald  xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma xma  crush  mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix  weihnacht  lov  party party party party party party party  holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday  christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas christmas  exilweihnacht  season  jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz  eclect  toasty  jazzy jazzy jazzy  warm warm warm  ear  class  kid  playl playl playl  mus mus mus mus mus  dant  favorit favorit favorit  soul soul soul soul soul  year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's  eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve? eve?  dorky  tag  yul  swing 