emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel emel  favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit  <3  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  list list list list  al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al  alley  brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit  ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii  tag tag tag tag tag tag tag  melancho  10s 10s  100 100  singer-songwrit  herzschmerz  einfach  schoen  neo neo  r&b r&b  blu blu blu blu blu blu blu  support support  fem fem fem fem fem fem  scotland scotland  40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40  christian  lov lov lov lov  party  hen  ballad  2012 2012  altern  pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt. pt.  it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it,  hottybotty  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  song song  read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read read  rnb  lovesong  fav fav  voic  ecf02  word  rhyth rhyth rhyth rhyth rhyth rhyth rhyth  walk  sing  piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano piano  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  alexand  sleepless  sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ sandƸ  soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul  adsid  tietg  sand sand sand sand sand sand sand  singer-songwriters  masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec  uk uk uk uk uk uk uk uk uk uk  night night  instru  top top top top top top top top top top top top top  awesom 