katy katy katy katy katy katy katy  ugh ugh ugh  zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed zed  queen queen queen  edm edm edm  touch touch touch  inteir inteir inteir  godg godg godg  perfect perfect perfect  tweet tweet tweet  melh melh melh  jam jam jam  artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop artpop  hino hino hino hino hino hino hino  2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013  himero himero himero himero himero himero himero  song song song song song song song song song song  ya ya ya  fav fav fav  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  musicaaaaaaaaaaaad musicaaaaaaaaaaaad musicaaaaaaaaaaaad  lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady  gurl gurl gurl  pleas pleas pleas  art art art  nein nein nein  yeah yeah yeah  sex sex sex sex sex sex sex  girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl  ev ev ev ev ev ev ev  retweet retweet retweet  album album album  perry perry perry  goddn goddn goddn  sua sua sua  god god god god god god god god god god  3 3 3  progress progress progress  correct correct correct correct correct correct correct  power-bottom power-bottom power-bottom  plz plz plz  techno techno techno  g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y. g.u.y.  wtf wtf wtf  sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy  strong strong strong  aphrodit aphrodit aphrodit  selfc selfc selfc  flawless flawless flawless  und und und und und und und und und und  masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec  geni geni geni geni geni geni geni  vid vid vid  wil wil wil  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  bitch bitch bitch  femin femin femin  catchy catchy catchy  top top top  mdna mdna mdna  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  synthpop synthpop synthpop  desir desir desir desir desir desir desir  gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag  hous hous hous  car car car  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  ur ur ur  madonn madonn madonn  bet bet bet bet bet bet bet  minh minh minh  slay slay slay  wann wann wann  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  tag tag tag tag tag tag tag  incorrect incorrect incorrect  lik lik lik  lit lit lit  yaaaaa yaaaaa yaaaaa yaaaaa yaaaaa yaaaaa yaaaaa  party party party  singl singl singl  ep ep ep ep ep ep ep  wrong wrong wrong  amaz amaz amaz  greet greet greet greet greet greet greet  thi thi thi  anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem anthem 