origin origin origin  <3 <3 <3  voc voc voc  queen queen queen queen queen queen queen  direct direct direct  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez gomez  xtin xtin xtin  ev ev ev  beauty beauty beauty  fem fem fem  selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen selen  ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep  liv liv liv  lov lov lov  aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera) aguilera)  2014 2014 2014  epic epic epic  2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013  amo amo amo  (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat. (feat.  voic voic voic voic voic voic voic  gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag gag  lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady  div div div  icon icon icon  christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina christina  aguiler aguiler aguiler  conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit conceit  cool cool cool  dant dant dant  list list list  masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec  duet duet duet duet duet duet duet  bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet 