shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot  ron ron  sunr sunr  blow blow  melod melod  daryl daryl  song song  beat beat  xd xd  ther ther  partayyy partayyy  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  namedrop namedrop  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  2000s 2000s  automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic automatic  goooooooooooooood goooooooooooooood  croon croon  download download  mus mus mus mus mus  fantast fantast  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  dance-y dance-y  bass bass  mem mem  sugarcooky sugarcooky  punk-rock punk-rock  screamo screamo  noisy noisy  drum drum  punk punk punk punk punk  choo choo choo choo choo  funky funky  loud loud  road road  blind blind  guit guit  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h. h.  electro-rock-pop electro-rock-pop electro-rock-pop electro-rock-pop electro-rock-pop  electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic  sarah sarah  catchy catchy  lov lov lov lov lov  powerpop powerpop powerpop powerpop powerpop  head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head head  memo memo  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  gam gam  baby baby  indierock indierock  word word  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  procrastin procrastin  partay partay  mallc mallc  voc voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  wann wann  buffy buffy  00s 00s  tag tag  indie-pop indie-pop  pip pip  check check  ultrab ultrab  trip trip  - - - - -  lik lik  1 1  mix mix   party party  ar ar  genrelessimo genrelessimo  energet energet  macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy macy  william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william william  mal mal  yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  sdf sdf  2004 2004  americ americ americ americ americ  sg sg  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 