bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet  favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit  background background background  voc voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  wil wil wil  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest  sex sex sex  bril bril bril bril bril bril  singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill singer-songwritergdchill  ev ev ev ev ev ev ev ev ev  schoen schoen schoen  fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir fir  stil stil stil  yr yr yr  indiepop indiepop indiepop  mus mus mus  art art art art art art  ziccool ziccool ziccool  mid mid mid  wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel wel  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  folk folk folk folk folk folk  sens sens sens  witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches! witches!  electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro electro  favorit favorit favorit  spec spec spec  altern altern altern  bil bil bil  burnburnburn burnburnburn burnburnburn  flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  track track track  burn burn burn burn burn burn  heav heav heav  gal gal gal  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  mag mag mag  sexy sexy sexy  frederik frederik frederik  ear ear ear  mal mal mal  amaz amaz amaz  neu neu neu  die die die  list list list  heart heart heart  kamp kamp kamp  rock rock rock rock rock rock  2008 2008 2008  soft soft soft  wow wow wow  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 