voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  list list list list list list list list list list  audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey audrey  radio radio radio radio radio  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect  mus mus mus mus mus  oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  mid mid mid mid mid  georg georg georg georg georg  lov lov lov lov lov  easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy  gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin gershwin  string string string string string  song song song song song  hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn hepburn  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy  on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on? on?  arrang arrang arrang arrang arrang  sing sing sing sing sing  lady lady lady lady lady  philosoph philosoph philosoph philosoph philosoph  1310fh 1310fh 1310fh 1310fh 1310fh  carraway carraway carraway carraway carraway  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  croon croon croon croon croon 