pleas pleas  heavy heavy  elot elot  fuel fuel  art art  ad ad  lyr lyr  heart heart  b-side b-side  list list list list list list list  guit guit  yeah yeah  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  guil guil  2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s 2000s  hell hell  ev ev  stump stump  rington rington  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  minim minim  catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy  punk-pop punk-pop  swoon swoon  - -  forev forev  thievery thievery  lik lik  chi2 chi2  secret secret  stuff stuff  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s. g.i.n.a.s.f.s.  fob fob  hel hel  2007 2007  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  ram ram  star star  song song song song song  track track  favourit favourit  fav fav  al al  band band band band band  decayd decayd  poprock poprock  fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal  gold gold  requir requir  amaz amaz  sound sound  boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy  katy katy  met met  patrick patrick  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  horr horr horr horr horr  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  thi thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  ginasf ginasf  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  loop loop 