     dick dick dick dick dick    wev wev wev wev wev  fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel  sing   hav  hippo hippo hippo  song song song song song  fav fav   band band    vuco  cool cool  sant sant sant sant  die  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo   rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock     we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v we'v  indieindy indieindy indieindy indieindy indieindy indieindy indieindy    ev  mus mus     aaaaah  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  omg    sexy  boy   aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  tour   fbr fbr fbr  soc   pow pow   pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop      catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy catchy   swe swe swe swe swe   lov lov lov lov lov    academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy  warp  hear      bef  fun fun fun fun fun  ful       favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  ram ram ram ram ram ram  fuck  is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is...  list list list list     tai  shit    aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh  - - - -   liv     energet  mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess  hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand  william william william william william william william william william william william   addict    ghost   driv driv  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy    2008 2008 2008    awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  