rol rol rol  scratch  radio  perfekt  alt  vet  cur  christic  melod  jam  bliss  4  real  hardc  masquerad  song  mor  fav fav fav fav  band band band band band band band band band  fac  day day day  bas  bad  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  wraaaaah  lehigh  pass  whit  ep  excit  dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa dinosa  awesome-ness  ridic  solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo  jr jr jr  virtuoso  kamp  peopl  sweeeeet  punk punk punk punk punk punk  pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick  weird weird weird  favorit  sweet  guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit  pop pop pop  son  2000s  atmosph atmosph atmosph  rocknrol  select  friendsofthekingofrummelpop  commun  shredding  lov  airy  valley  nois  head  grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  grunjao  stick  grungy  fuzzy  louserfav  glory glory glory  explod  bittersweet  weltklass  lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi  00s 00s 00s  raw  ar   gre gre gre  sst sst sst sst  underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground  lamuybestiarock  dlc dlc dlc dlc  star  basslin  publ  extraordin  badass  masc  dirtyfak  apathy  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  gigantisch  ext  riff riff riff  2007 2007 2007  awesom awesom awesom awesom 