     nam     cub cub  pretty   yo yo  song song song  fav      day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day    patrick  slgdmrelaxing     night  guit guit guit guit guit guit   patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's patrick's   altern  art art art  list list list list list list  idgaf idgaf  asham asham    folk folk  mus  blu blu blu       obsess    rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock     acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust   quiet      feel    pop pop pop pop pop pop pop       st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st.   giz  lov lov lov lov lov lov   pwsm  chillout chillout   easy easy easy easy easy easy  relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax relax      mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow   singer/songwrit   john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john    shenanig shenanig shenanig    bittersweet    voc voc voc voc voc voc voc   all-time   chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil chil  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit     -   lik  tim      beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty    mak  mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal   driv  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  wint wint  st    thi thi   awesom 