bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring  atlant atlant  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  20 20  tight  indust  ti ti ti  hat  hip hip hip hip hip  song song song  ya  dan  feelin feelin  party  cook  stroll  bad bad  wdzh-fm wdzh-fm wdzh-fm wdzh-fm wdzh-fm wdzh-fm wdzh-fm  rock  sou sou  em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em em  ento  wkqi-fm wkqi-fm  sampl sampl  billboard billboard billboard billboard  mus mus mus  gangst  ass ass ass  met  wtf  t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i. t.i.  sexy sexy  og og  atl  saho  oc  whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm whtd-fm  bob  produc  twan  hardc  pop  attitud  2000s 2000s 2000s  top top top top  secret   head  club  wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm wjlb-fm  gam gam  1979-2006:  beat  odyssey  10 10  word  runway  dant dant  vega  dirty dirty  minut  plum plum  control  crazy  favourit  al   rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  beatz beatz beatz beatz beatz beatz beatz beatz beatz  48  hustl hustl  -  kdwb kdwb  lik lik  mix  hop hop hop hop hop  grand grand  shak shak  singl singl  energet energet energet  nin  2004  swizz swizz swizz swizz swizz swizz swizz swizz swizz swizz  track  southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern  hiphop hiphop  class  amaz amaz  favorit favorit favorit  person  thi thi thi  2005  800 