   punkpop  radio  alt     forev forev forev   fuel fuel fuel fuel    pop-rock  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  fav fav     cool cool  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  upb upb    rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock     list list list   ev ev  emo-pop   mus   sum     altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern    believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ believ      punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk    pow pow   pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop   sing sing sing  emoc     catchy catchy  angry angry    lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  smil  friend friend   rawr  academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy  fuck  tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru tru  sad sad    car car       lyr lyr  voc voc voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  ram ram ram ram   is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is...   ar ar    tai   lif   lik     shizz   skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept skept    pop-punk pop-punk  mal mal mal  amaz amaz amaz   indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  thi thi thi thi thi thi   rep rep  awesom 