wordsmith wordsmith wordsmith wordsmith wordsmith  pleas pleas pleas pleas pleas  whil whil whil whil whil  art art art art art  rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac rac  lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  tune-carrying tune-carrying tune-carrying tune-carrying tune-carrying  melliflu melliflu melliflu melliflu melliflu  everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  aloof aloof aloof aloof aloof  priz priz priz priz priz  chil chil chil chil chil  atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph  calminggg calminggg calminggg calminggg calminggg  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint vint  folk folk folk folk folk  juliet juliet juliet juliet juliet  gre gre gre gre gre  folk-rock folk-rock folk-rock folk-rock folk-rock  & & & & &  st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st.  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  perhap perhap perhap perhap perhap  stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty  sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet  loung loung loung loung loung  cobbleston cobbleston cobbleston cobbleston cobbleston  mary mary mary mary mary  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  road road road road road  waltz waltz waltz waltz waltz  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  relax relax relax relax relax  umbrell umbrell umbrell umbrell umbrell  hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum  hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand  jazzy jazzy jazzy jazzy jazzy  charm charm charm charm charm  chick chick chick chick chick  sing sing sing sing sing sing sing sing sing sing  song song song song song  romeo romeo romeo romeo romeo  handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap handclap  female-vocalist female-vocalist female-vocalist female-vocalist female-vocalist  meat meat meat meat meat  ut ut ut ut ut  marry marry marry marry marry  dant dant dant dant dant  list list list list list  st st st st st  groov groov groov groov groov  melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol  ar ar ar ar ar  gmorn gmorn gmorn gmorn gmorn  thi thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock  chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus chanteus  country country country country country  skip skip skip skip skip  clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap  op op op op op 