katy  limetk limetk  sleepy sleepy  melancho melancho  melody melody melody  lik  perfect perfect perfect perfect  cut cut  wee  post-punk post-punk  sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet  fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel  2010  wont  emot emot emot emot  pop-rock  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  da  dark dark  band band band band band band band band band band  fal fal  mystery  tear tear  emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo  cry  upb  wond  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  guy  cri  soft soft  chislet  em  art art art art art  list list list list list list  depress depress  mus  chicago  sum  rev rev  zakochan zakochan  cayson  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  lazy  giv giv  mem mem  limec  tun  sexy  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  acoust acoust acoust acoust  chil chil  alon alon  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  bundinh  pow  wil  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  sing sing  ps ps ps ps ps ps ps  catchy  breakup breakup breakup breakup  lon lon lon  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  chillout  relax relax  dwid  academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy academy  gar gar  mich  mellow mellow mellow  sad sad sad sad  hillesh  nostalg nostalg nostalg  bed  blackhawk  lloovvv  heart heart heart  ad  lyr lyr lyr  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  ram ram ram ram ram  is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is... is...  00s  brok brok brok  tai  tak  lif lif  - - - -  exiiiiiiiiy  alway alway  liv liv  pain  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  william  addict  mak  amaz amaz amaz  perfeita  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  2000  thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  sohm  everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth  08  awesom awesom awesom 