transcend transcend transcend transcend  hoprap hoprap hoprap hoprap hoprap hoprap hoprap hoprap  ethn ethn ethn ethn  favorit favorit favorit favorit  abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract abstract  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  diaspor diaspor diaspor diaspor diaspor diaspor diaspor diaspor  00s 00s 00s 00s  dubstep dubstep dubstep dubstep dubstep dubstep dubstep dubstep  hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil hiphopgdchil  spacey spacey spacey spacey  album album album album  100 100 100 100  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  adv adv adv adv  amby amby amby amby  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  glitch-hop glitch-hop glitch-hop glitch-hop  themdrum themdrum themdrum themdrum  funky funky funky funky  prop prop prop prop  headnod headnod headnod headnod  lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot  jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl jungl  quirky quirky quirky quirky  afr afr afr afr afr afr afr afr  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  sampledel sampledel sampledel sampledel  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  dadagi-loved dadagi-loved dadagi-loved dadagi-loved dadagi-loved dadagi-loved dadagi-loved dadagi-loved  beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat  wonky wonky wonky wonky  distort distort distort distort  break break break break  hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop  dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy  tun tun tun tun  sens sens sens sens  resid resid resid resid  melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt! melt!  trib trib trib trib trib trib trib trib  downtempo downtempo downtempo downtempo  amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz  fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly  acoust acoust acoust acoust  drum drum drum drum drum drum drum drum  dens dens dens dens  420 420 420 420  dant dant dant dant  indy indy indy indy  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  sery sery sery sery  bellyd bellyd bellyd bellyd  instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru  badass badass badass badass  choppy choppy choppy choppy  top top top top  loop loop loop loop 