radio radio radio radio  bril bril bril bril  perfect perfect  wer wer wer wer wer wer wer wer wer wer wer  folky folky  easy easy  piano piano  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  song song  aesthet aesthet  das das  fac fac  day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day  nouveau nouveau  stuff stuff  rock rock rock rock rock rock  wtmd wtmd  streets streets  2k8 2k8  lehigh lehigh lehigh lehigh  folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk  sum sum sum sum  blo blo  dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.  ira ira  altern altern altern altern  pennsylvan pennsylvan  weit weit weit weit  geht geht  nicht nicht  key key  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  country country  vocal-centric vocal-centric  ist ist  horstax horstax  ellenah ellenah  elect elect  kexp kexp  guit guit guit guit  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  walk walk  quitschig quitschig  pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon pokemon  commun commun commun commun  catchy catchy  2 2  ton ton  valley valley valley valley  happy happy  rhythm rhythm rhythm rhythm  singalong singalong singalong singalong  mich mich  catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch  mellow mellow  summertim summertim  tranc tranc  fun fun  irgendwy irgendwy  ab ab  favourit favourit  influ influ  voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  lo-fi lo-fi  bluegrass bluegrass  sag sag  zieht zieht  mein mein  rous rous  mix mix  harmony harmony  pickathon pickathon  avantgard avantgard  outsid outsid  jetzt jetzt  publ publ publ publ  kar kar  vvg vvg  redund redund  maj maj  es es es es  amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz amaz  retard retard  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog  wint wint  strings strings  riff riff  instru instru  thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  leiherkast leiherkast  rep rep  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 