heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy  explod explod explod explod  burst burst  pow pow  nut nut nut nut  guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit  fuck fuck  1980s 1980s  vessel vessel  mak mak mak mak  shit shit  waffl waffl waffl waffl  mood mood mood mood  mus mus mus mus mus mus  roffl roffl roffl roffl  brut brut brut brut brut brut  mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.  chees chees  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  progress progress  par-tee par-tee par-tee par-tee  kick kick kick kick  revv revv  hairy hairy  solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo  head head head head  hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard  hero hero  yo yo yo yo  song song  dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk dokk  ye ye  punch punch  fat fat  virtuoso virtuoso  met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met met  ballad ballad  lynch lynch  glam glam  don don  hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair  legend legend legend legend legend legend  amaz amaz amaz amaz  scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary  particul particul  chewy chewy  face-melting face-melting face-melting face-melting  blood blood  3-star 3-star  list list  jam jam jam jam  riff riff riff riff  shred shred shred shred shred shred  instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru instru  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  guy guy  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  left left 