nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee  brit  radio  vamp  fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing fing  pretenty  perfect perfect perfect  cut  lk  theoret  comprehend  tort  shout  heartbreak  rhythm  match  emot  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  band  srsly  volum  aesthet  fal  bit  thes  day  desc  bas  tear  rokk  heart  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  art art art  bump  spring  alcohol  lead  rep  introspect  rel  unbeliev  rlly  obsess  altern altern altern  solo  extend  induc induc induc  night  key  squeexc  100 100 100 100 100  acoust acoust acoust  chok  punk  vocal-centric  thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos thos  ras129  subtl  toothbrush2009 toothbrush2009 toothbrush2009  elect  dont  cl  guit  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  bloody  2000s  laugh  wil wil wil  twe  top top top top top  los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los los  ton  lov  structures  teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen teen  haunt  wadilistento  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  craft craft craft  campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos! campesinos!  car  uk  cal  ful ful ful  bet  bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet bittersweet  influ  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  al al al  sad  00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s  heard heard heard heard heard heard heard  gloeckch  rainy  clunk-rewind-clunk-play-clunk  grant  perform  titl  lin  hom hom hom hom hom hom hom hom hom  cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross  mix  liv  gre gre gre  harmony  lastfm lastfm lastfm lastfm lastfm lastfm lastfm  play  oft  beauty beauty beauty  track track track track track  someon someon someon someon someon someon someon someon someon  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg vvg  mak mak mak  maj  mal mal mal mal mal  amaz  angst angst angst angst angst angst angst angst angst angst angst  driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  scream  caus  instru  thi  goos  2008  strings strings strings  awesom awesom awesom 