gold     lik  const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const const     fuel fuel fuel  song song song    cool   emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo emo   disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco   rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock      sex    mus  god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god god   witty witty   altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern    patd patd    che     punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk    favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit   pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  2000s      catchy catchy      lov lov     panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic!    cyn cyn  word word   dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  fun  ful      ram ram  fuck     esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb esteb  titl  - -  nam    pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan pan   star    pop-punk  kid  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy     awesom awesom   ury  