lyr  360shift  zivojnovich zivojnovich  ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak ak  portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal. portugal.  pop pop  00s  alpin  post-nerdcore post-nerdcore post-nerdcore post-nerdcore post-nerdcore  falsetto  m0sh  chil chil chil chil chil chil  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  freshm  giv giv giv  lif  libertyros  emperorcryn  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  param  alway  gre gre  lov lov  progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress progress  vap  nyfa05  ski  chillout  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  star  beauty  song  mem  fearless fearless  voic voic  m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80 m80  fuck  soundtrack  08-09  electron electron  post-hardcore post-hardcore  sapphir sapphir  rec  sexy  amaz  groovy groovy  mmm  atd  trail  emo emo emo  debut  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  nerdc  record record  melanchol melanchol  stuff  wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf  adam adam adam adam adam  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  hmmm-so  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom 