altern altern  commerc commerc commerc commerc  art art art art art art  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr  flow flow  pop pop pop pop  sex sex  ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii  brain brain  protest protest  doesnt doesnt  grady grady grady grady  bril bril bril bril bril bril bril bril bril  pil pil  extinct extinct  371000 371000  alt alt  rom rom  solomusika-loved solomusika-loved solomusika-loved solomusika-loved  jes jes  friendsofthekingofrummelpop friendsofthekingofrummelpop  altparty altparty  lydon lydon  ingers ingers  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  liv liv  lik lik  spel spel  lov lov  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  wav wav wav wav wav wav  gigasearsupply gigasearsupply  correct correct  lethe-lovesong lethe-lovesong  relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig relig  uk uk  form form  song song  ferocy ferocy  hum hum  publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ publ  solomusika-post-punk solomusika-post-punk  champagn champagn  kil kil  brit brit  post post post post post post post post post  70s 70s  filthy filthy  eclipsed1008 eclipsed1008  crass crass  liar liar  john john  1978 1978 1978 1978  shady shady shady shady  favorit favorit favorit favorit  pistol pistol  ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd. ltd.  rock rock rock rock  lobotom lobotom  impl impl  post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk 