strombo strombo strombo strombo  kexp kexp kexp kexp kexp kexp kexp kexp  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  saborr saborr saborr saborr  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  kcrw kcrw kcrw kcrw  ar ar ar ar  sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy sexy  10s 10s 10s 10s  ev ev ev ev  electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic  hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood  bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel  !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!!  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  song song song song song song song song  somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm  lik lik lik lik  wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher  list list list list  ess ess ess ess  internet internet internet internet internet internet internet internet  80s 80s 80s 80s  weightlift weightlift weightlift weightlift  gre gre gre gre  channel channel channel channel  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  absolv absolv absolv absolv  indietronic indietronic indietronic indietronic indietronic indietronic indietronic indietronic  beat beat beat beat  mmm mmm mmm mmm  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  electropop electropop electropop electropop electropop electropop electropop electropop  darl darl darl darl  dance-punk dance-punk dance-punk dance-punk  fiv fiv fiv fiv  bef bef bef bef  day day day day day day day day day day day day  md md md md  mixtap mixtap mixtap mixtap  die die die die die die die die die die die die  hous hous hous hous  headphon headphon headphon headphon  dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant dant  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  calorcito calorcito calorcito calorcito  mash mash mash mash  groov groov groov groov  am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm am/fm  hav hav hav hav  rock rock rock rock  bong bong bong bong 