fish fish  hardc hardc  som som  dead dead  char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char  k0r3 k0r3  eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu eu  br4z1l14n br4z1l14n  brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil brazil  funny funny  mus mus  acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde acorde  fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel fel  hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj hoj  f4nk7 f4nk7  3 3 3 3 3  regga regga regga regga regga  music music  grand grand  samp samp  10 10 10 10 10  altern altern  brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown brown  star star star star star  mainstream mainstream  nac nac  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr  poprock poprock  santo santo  brasileiro brasileiro  brasileir brasileir  day day  00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s 00s  brasil brasil brasil brasil brasil brasil brasil  preferida preferida  punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk  2002 2002  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  relacionamento relacionamento 