vic vic vic vic vic vic  favourit  chamb  voc voc voc voc voc voc  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  pop  brendon  virtu virtu virtu virtu virtu virtu  10s  songwrit  shit  sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah  god  hey hey hey  nam  jam  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil smil  pan pan pan pan pan pan  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  absolv absolv absolv  intellipop  beauty beauty beauty beauty  song song song song song song song song song  track  panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic! panic!  addict addict addict  fal  sing  mak  acord  mal mal mal mal  awesom awesom awesom awesom  dant  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco disco  american  masterpiec  thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  ury  fontain  patd 