oldschool  for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for... for...  hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop  la  lepposa  laid  sens  real  beat beat beat  mor  da  underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground  conscy conscy conscy conscy conscy conscy conscy conscy  school  wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond  tru tru tru  eeb  art  intellig  knowledg knowledg knowledg knowledg  j-league  yeah  sampl  ess ess ess  mus  mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur mur  goe  definit  smoo smoo smoo  altern  9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th  leg  jazzy  post  slug  hophop  jay  hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop hiphop  chop  heck  ov  undergroundhip-hop  duty  soc  feel  som  totry  lyr lyr lyr  legend legend legend  lov lov lov  damn damn damn  chillout  flav  qual  jux jux jux  abov  cal  classickhiphop  def  il  kss1984  hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip  guddsjit  rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap  stream stream stream  favorit favorit favorit  deep  controvers  chil chil chil chil  2004  nerd nerd nerd  shit shit shit  - - - - - - - -  lik lik lik  1  liv  gre gre gre  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  9  sham  thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  track track track track  nic  nia  hip-hoppers  mak  amaz  smokey  indy  talk  trueschool  dop dop dop dop dop dop dop dop dop dop  awesom 