minh minh  6 6 6 6 6  favourit favourit  eh eh  lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr  ai ai  hypnot hypnot  modul modul  taco taco taco taco taco  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah  dead dead  chil chil  10s 10s 10s 10s 10s  musicaaaaaa musicaaaaaa  tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam tam  me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me? me?  story story story story story  dream dream  lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif lif  aust aust aust aust aust  ess ess  sam sam sam sam sam  parad parad  lok lok lok lok lok lok lok lok  expery expery expery expery expery  lon lon  daor daor daor daor daor  lov lov lov lov lov  pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty  lindo lindo  uma uma  druggy druggy  friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend  2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012  altern altern  star star star star star  play play  emot emot  psychdel psychdel  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  martin martin  impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal impal  refrao refrao  trippy trippy  al al al al al  heav heav  rais rais  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  aaawwweeesssooomm aaawwweeesssooomm  escuch escuch escuch escuch escuch  sing sing  viagem viagem  thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes thes  licenc licenc  describ describ describ describ describ describ describ describ describ describ describ  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  10 10 10 10 10  neo-psychedelia neo-psychedelia  bem bem  bet bet  solitud solitud  da da  dant dant  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  nostalg nostalg  masterpiec masterpiec  instru instru  drogasssss drogasssss  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  cri cri  loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud  talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk  batid batid 