romantyczn  rol  rev  brit brit brit  gd  melody melody  schoen  perfect  hoooot  inlov  sympathet  easy  hermano  spec  hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond,  wil  hit  song song song song song  beat  myhitparad  voic voic voic  band  blowjob  moo  cool  buaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa buaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  list  cudowny  een  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  soft  art art art art  ze  luv  nee  docil docil  smr  strokes strokes strokes strokes  discovery  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  solo  reco  harry  york york  drum  nov-o6  tekst  geni  poprock  oper  feel  sweet  pot  emot emot  pop pop  tap  speak  giv  marketk  koel  fre  catchy  los  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  japierdol  britrock  gay  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert  jul  gorg  sound  dant  soul  str  posit  favourit favourit favourit favourit  <3  lyr lyr lyr lyr  voc voc voc voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  fuck  deep deep  sad sad sad  il  chil  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar scar  californ  check  taky  lik lik  1  post-punk  gre gre  harmony harmony  rememb  underground  writ  good-mood  jaar  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  aww  nic nic  track  awh  loooooov  mal mal mal mal mal  amaz amaz amaz  regofuss  2009 2009  touchy  interes  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  wint  narcot  2006  thi thi  alright  vicy  awesom awesom awesom 