drunk  o-oh  malditoseas2007  things-i-love  art  voc voc voc voc voc  favorit favorit favorit  lo-fi  wann wann  al  pop  sophom  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  rol  gpoy  schoen  pop-rock  wow  yr  trost  upb  circ  catchy  angry  relax  - -  snow  tot  elizabe  list list   2  lov lov lov lov lov  altrocknd  cool  mary  aron  hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond,  jaar  hammond hammond  star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star star  str  song song song song song song  strokes  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  favourit  myhitparad  albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert  discov  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  moo  york  lat  sing sing  mak  muzak  cwdb  mal mal mal mal mal  chakir  icon  argentin  loud  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  conect  een  2006  thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  real  ov ov ov ov ov  lantern  soft soft  everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon everyon  awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom  tim 