altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  tel tel tel tel  art  dont  bittersweet  sweet sweet sweet sweet  top  soul  00s 00s 00s 00s  heard heard heard  styl  tag  simply  pretty pretty pretty pretty  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  ev ev ev  schoen  tak  par  cut cut cut  trost  mus mus mus  tim tim tim  sum  voc  - - -  sunday  hambr  day day day day  mem   sunny sunny sunny sunny  lov lov lov lov  es  rememb rememb rememb  mor mor mor  leg  hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond, hammond,  nic nic nic  hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond  hit  thi thi thi  yo yo yo yo  song song song song song song song song song song song song song  strokes strokes strokes strokes strokes strokes strokes  jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr. jr.  spring-summer spring-summer spring-summer  m85  albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert albert  jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr  hand  tun  mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow  escucho  mal  amaz amaz amaz  boy  la la la la  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright  drug  vez  primer  prettyprettysoothingsooth  myhitparad  writ  se  str  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  el el el  sublimin  sloneczny  2009  soft soft soft soft soft soft  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  clap clap clap clap  phon 