 radio    happy-tagged  e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's e's   mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr. mr.  roadtrip    8   string  song song song song song  de  sunny sunny sunny sunny   ston  day day day day day day   eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel eel  stuff  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock     spring  yeah yeah   track:  folk   90s 90s   mus  blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu  sum sum sum  upb upb upb  lard  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern   goddamn goddamn goddamn goddamn goddamn goddamn  posit  colleg   afrek   acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  sunshin     road   feel feel feel feel feel feel  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  2000s   catchy catchy catchy   mister-mist mister-mist   mark     lov lov lov  uplift uplift  happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy     mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow    10 10 10 10 10 10  word      fun fun fun   favourit favourit favourit favourit  voc voc  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  wann   00s 00s 00s 00s  chil chil chil  singer-songwrit   77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks   trip  bik     sunday sunday sunday  sid sid sid sid  lastfm  rid  instru instru instru  stat stat stat  star star star  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty    erfrischend    mak  mal mal   hellz hellz  driv  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  2000 2000 2000 2000  sect   