noah noah  vary vary  yearn yearn  radio radio  melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho  dynam dynam  bpluscoop bpluscoop  tim tim  weath weath  melod melod melod melod  rhythm rhythm rhythm rhythm  piano piano  emot emot  yo yo yo yo  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  promin promin promin promin  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  stol stol  pop/rock pop/rock  aesthet aesthet  bas bas  -3 -3  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  rich rich  soft soft  sign sign  mus mus mus mus  chicago chicago  sum sum  hist hist  3 3  foc foc  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  -2 -2  tempo tempo  studio studio  key key  org org org org  post post  o1x o1x  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  country country country country  punk punk punk punk  vocal-centric vocal-centric  stand stand stand stand  subtl subtl  produc produc  botany botany  elect elect elect elect  guit guit guit guit  pop pop pop pop  select select  compos compos  cent cent  eddy eddy  ton ton  structures structures  guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal guatemal  gap gap  senty senty  warm warm  adult adult  child child  ant ant  word word  phrasing phrasing  record record  eaton eaton  favourit favourit  voc voc voc voc  int int  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  dasr dasr  sad sad sad sad  1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s  all-time all-time  styl styl  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  lif lif  nam nam nam nam nam nam  mix mix mix mix  gre gre gre gre  harmony harmony  pag pag  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  poign poign  polit polit  star star star star star star star star star  beauty beauty  reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect  plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac  maj maj  mal mal  dark dark  flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow  revolv revolv revolv revolv  jangl jangl  instru instru  americ americ 