delicioso delicioso delicioso delicioso  pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy pixy  favorit favorit favorit favorit  emot emot emot emot  atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph atmosph  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  heard heard heard heard  movy movy movy movy movy movy movy movy  gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu gradu  art art art art  ev ev ev ev  pink pink pink pink  mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind? mind?  britpop britpop britpop britpop  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  recuerd recuerd recuerd recuerd  wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher wher  gre gre gre gre gre gre gre gre  lov lov lov lov  oifm oifm oifm oifm  hav hav hav hav  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  omg omg omg omg  song song song song song song song song  gar gar gar gar  soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack soundtrack  tui tui tui tui tui tui tui tui  otr otr otr otr  school school school school school school school school school school school school  cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm cimx-fm  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond wond  masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec masterpiec  thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  dea dea dea dea 