rol rol rol rol rol  approv  brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit  radio  harrison  poetry poetry  paul  ozzy ozzy  nicky nicky  mowilem  sensit  grajac  melod melod melod melod melod melod  pretty  piano piano  xcrystalbleux  guit guit guit guit guit  yo  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  de  voic  band band band band band band band band  quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest quest  moody moody  timeless  remind remind  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  szaf  soft soft soft soft soft soft soft soft soft  costello  list list list list list  prekrasn  hard  whit whit  dlc dlc dlc dlc  depress  3rd  sum sum sum sum sum  laid  lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon lennon  altern altern  solo solo solo solo solo  bass bass  70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s 70s  legend legend  tug  voorman voorman  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  drum drum  cov cov  geni geni  xbleux  confus confus confus confus confus  osbourn osbourn  emot emot emot emot  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  punctu  ont ont  friendsofthekingofrummelpop  oldy  lon lon  mal mal mal mal  mccartney  lov lov lov lov lov  john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john  500  easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy  form  beatl beatl beatl beatl beatl  hear hear  mellow mellow  jad  10  word word word word word  kla kla  hopkin hopkin  everyon everyon  crazy  lyr lyr lyr lyr lyr  voc voc voc voc  ai  al al  sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad  tag  chil chil chil chil chil  violin  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  spect spect  imagin imagin imagin imagin  lif  mim  titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl titl  how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how? how?  georg  gre gre  5  rememb  70's 70's  star star  beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty  radiots  nic nic  xbleufavoritex  nie  class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class class  brem  phil phil  favorit favorit  1971 1971 1971 1971 1971  strings  awesom awesom awesom awesom 