retrowhimsy  sleep  melancho melancho  cur cur  tim  mandolin  melod  gre gre  ti  fuel  piano  absolv  pop-rock  song song song song  promin promin  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  fav  voic voic voic voic voic voic voic voic voic voic voic  pop/rock  sappy sappy  das  school school  emo emo emo emo emo  cry cry  list  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  soft  retrocool  art  spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring  vse  ev ev  folk folk folk folk folk  wanderlust  good5  mus mus  rep rep  preuteleut  fod  sublim  rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  accord  colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg  poprock  key  sing sing  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  study  punk punk  monk  stand stand  subtl subtl  road  eclecton  pow pow pow pow  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  son  pok  lyr lyr  distinct  top  voc voc voc  mart  ton  lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov lov  happy happy  relax  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  mellow mellow  fly  5-star  hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous hous  retrolov  tag  wist wist  ful  def  transcend  tap  influ  contempl contempl  quietlov  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  al  1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s  to4no  ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar  chil  ind  trip  wildernesslov  sleepytim  mysterioso  min  titl  mix  liv liv  strange strange  harmony harmony  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  stip  beauty beauty  track  lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat lat  mak mak  mal mal  glow  somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh somewh  lead  mushy mushy  favorit favorit  instru  thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth everyth  talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk 