20s  volatil  art  universel  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  lo-fi  guit  halloween  crazy  supery  00s 00s 00s 00s  brain brain  ciudad  memorabil  il il  chil  infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm infirm  1990s 1990s  whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit whit  ev ev  folksong  shit  90s 90s 90s 90s  stil stil  laidback  mus mus  blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu  st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st.  rev  post-punk  jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam jam  5  saint  blues-rock  lov  nu  2001  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  star   song song  peopl  stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes stripes  gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar gar   rhythm  drunkswim drunkswim  plac plac  bloody  fm fm  thriller  10  cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov  1999 1999  happinezz  favorit  st st st st st  record  freak-out  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  tast  emit  awesom 