monday  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  favourit favourit favourit  creek  geek  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  alb  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  sex  nam  optim  alt  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep ep  folk  90s 90s 90s 90s  story  ev ev ev ev  yay  mood  mus mus mus  pflicht  good9  tgif tgif tgif  ilik  bad  mikey  lik lik lik  gem  los  melod  gre  lov  low  post-revolutionary  rem  80s  morn  electro electro electro electro electro electro electro  hav  avantgard avantgard avantgard  oth  groovy  hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop  beauty  song song song song song song song  77davez-loved  mor  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  voic  grung grung grung grung grung grung grung  band  electron electron electron electron electron electron electron  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  track track track track track track track track track track  tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun  cur  punkd  bef bef bef bef bef bef bef bef bef  double-lov double-lov double-lov double-lov double-lov double-lov double-lov double-lov double-lov  dawson  cool  sound  break  relax  fus fus fus fus fus fus fus  chil  anyth  1998  mo  driv  favorit favorit favorit favorit  strange  melanchol  person  funky  tol  aunt  coff  thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  hear  awesom  post-punk 