chord chord  rol  rom rom  sleep  lik lik  mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow  quittenliko  cut  ment  folky  pac  simplefolkyindy  song song song song song song song song song song song song  dam  break  pop pop  disast disast disast disast  hil hil  day day  loss  bestest  profound  cry  remind  mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah mirah  rock  laur  volcano volcano  soft  regret  play play  dead  ev  folk folk folk folk folk  q3jslfm  luv  altern  rumin  4joana7  gentl  tun  chick  sing sing  downtempo  verrr  acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust  sunshin  songwrit  bon  road  fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem  storytel  feel feel  hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot  doesnt  sexy  ser  breakup  st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st. st.  mecury  secret secret  mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt. mt.   hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel hel  lov lov lov  beard beard beard beard beard  tracks:  pwr  form  4jsmorningmell  popsic  antifolk  roxbury  heartbreak heartbreak  record  hav hav hav hav hav  volksw  heart  voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc  favorit  lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi  sad  autumn autumn autumn autumn   singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  david david  check check  mountain mountain  rainy rainy  gay  -  snow  trip  simil  northwest  nat nat nat nat  grl  veir  gmiatlich  beauty  elovibelov elovibelov elovibelov elovibelov elovibelov elovibelov elovibelov  apocalypt  eith eith  amaz  camp  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  thi thi  beetl 