week week week  chord chord chord  ev ev ev  punk punk punk punk punk punk  voc voc voc  nighttim nighttim nighttim  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  pop pop pop pop pop pop  horn horn horn  sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs  tag tag tag  2000s 2000s 2000s  chil chil chil chil chil chil  octob octob octob  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  st st st  ep ep ep  folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk  hipst hipst hipst  pap pap pap  cut cut cut cut cut cut  amby amby amby  mus mus mus  commun commun commun  check check check  top top top  hom hom hom hom hom hom  singersongwrit singersongwrit singersongwrit  yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes!  nam nam nam  expery expery expery  yah yah yah   pow pow pow  progress progress progress progress progress progress  piano piano piano  midwest midwest midwest  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  stat stat stat  beauty beauty beauty  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  lmns lmns lmns  class class class  ignac ignac ignac  ye ye ye  flow flow flow  m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan!  da da da  doof doof doof  stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev  wrot wrot wrot  storytel storytel storytel  plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac  sing sing sing   mal mal mal  word word word word word word word word word  michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig  untaggedhom untaggedhom untaggedhom  elab elab elab  driv driv driv driv driv driv  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  geograph geograph geograph  emus emus emus  songwrit songwrit songwrit  eh eh eh  2003 2003 2003  american american american american american american  stuff stuff stuff  writ writ writ  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  neofolk neofolk neofolk  dreamy dreamy dreamy  confus confus confus  study study study  numb numb numb 