real real real  grovig grovig grovig  ab ab ab  wuerd wuerd wuerd  ihr ihr ihr  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi  cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars) cars)  fuck fuck fuck  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  bril bril bril  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  ich ich ich  1982 1982 1982  cur cur cur  insomniac insomniac insomniac  oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy oldy  mein mein mein  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  verkauf verkauf verkauf  class class class class class class class class class class class class  zwar zwar zwar  strange strange strange  lov lov lov lov lov lov  rem rem rem  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav  zumindest zumindest zumindest  sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort  beleih beleih beleih  pop-rock pop-rock pop-rock  60s 60s 60s  song song song  track track track  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  gut gut gut  gar gar gar  lik lik lik  nicht nicht nicht  carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn carn  poprock poprock poprock  rolig rolig rolig  das das das  sind sind sind  klein klein klein  gen gen gen  (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box (box  om om om  haeusch haeusch haeusch  die die die  punk punk punk  ath ath ath  songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit songwrit  catchy catchy catchy  dafu dafu dafu  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg  austin austin austin 