altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  shor shor  machin machin  elect  dont  noah  voc  favorit favorit favorit  guit  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  sad  1980s 1980s  all-time  kdzrt kdzrt kdzrt kdzrt  emot  singer-songwrit singer-songwrit  alt  tim tim  ep ep  ir  hipst  dzrt dzrt dzrt dzrt dzrt dzrt  1987 1987 1987  dial  art-rock  welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom welcom  mus mus mus  rs  nee  liv liv  class class class  mess mess  post-punk post-punk  strange  lov  folk folk  easy  rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  fasc  occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup occup  kdzrt88 kdzrt88  occupywallstreet  day day day  polit polit  surf surf surf surf  hard hard hard hard  star star star  song song song song  mem mem  mmt  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  rjc-like  rainy  maritz  senty  pop/rock  colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg  adult  progress  western western  mal  cur  psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel  gloom  nost  heard heard  classica  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  revolv revolv  groov  -4  american  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  eaton  500  thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  eddy  t25 t25  left 