mellotron  titl  favourit  punk punk  noah  voc  solx  nobloodforoil  green  emot  haunt  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  sad  1980s 1980s  all-time  radio radio radio radio radio  pok  scarey  progress  alt alt  california-r  californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ californ  senty  diff  slow  mood  mus  parad parad  mood:  rep   mal  post-punk  stuff  low  rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb rememb  rem rem rem rem rem rem  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  wav wav wav wav wav  sjc  glob  chillout  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  oil oil  olsp olsp olsp  pop-rock  song song song  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  dark dark  poprock  radioparad radioparad  colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg  adult  rolig  brain2brain  plac plac  sing  mellow mellow  post-apocalyptic  class class class class class class  spil  good5  tripl  surf  wee  blood  emo emo emo emo emo  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  strange  ath ath  songwrit  melanchol  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  eaton  roam  cur  sin  ful  soft  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  op 