chord chord  engl engl  noah noah  voc voc voc voc  genr genr  hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard  mbo-candy mbo-candy  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  rickenback rickenback  1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s  all-time all-time  cd cd  radio radio radio radio  mp3 mp3  clos clos  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk  90s 90s  non-standard non-standard  mus mus mus mus  uninvitedsaint uninvitedsaint  blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu  travel travel travel travel  song song song song  legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend  lv lv  list list list list   strange strange  lov lov  harmony harmony harmony harmony  rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem rem  80s 80s 80s 80s  wav wav wav wav wav wav  mod mod mod mod mod mod  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map  parad parad  emot emot  olsp olsp olsp olsp  ingrid ingrid  giv giv  grung grung grung grung grung grung grung grung  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  rockpop rockpop  eaton eaton  oldy oldy oldy oldy  class class class class class class class class class class class class class class  poprock poprock poprock poprock  radioparad radioparad  adult adult  cur cur  intrigu intrigu  tiresom tiresom  brit brit  pup pup pup pup  mal mal mal mal  structure structure  moody moody  mystery mystery  gloom gloom  tripl tripl  word word word word  crystel crystel  folk-rock folk-rock  wee wee  indy indy indy indy indy indy  writ writ  ath ath  ftw ftw  exceiv exceiv  journey journey journey journey  crossov crossov  thi thi  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  ban ban  senty senty  favorit favorit favorit favorit  op op 