noah  half  brain  mild  radio radio radio radio radio  melancho  sopranista  dynam  wuerd  verkauf  spaet  melod  strange  rhythm  counterpoint  wil  klein  song song song song song song  r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.  rockpop  band band band band  pop/rock  aesthet  das  libr libr libr libr  harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco harborco  day  tri  die  syncop  unintellig  michael  stuff  gut  guit  kcou  pleas  energy  zu  ev  folk folk folk folk folk  90s  ich  mus  shoholabound  optim  3  rem rem  altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern  uptempo  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  nicht  colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg  sind  cur  om  drum drum  haeusch  punk  vocal-centric  ath  mein  subtl subtl subtl  star  post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk  memorabil memorabil  elect  ihr  emot  harmonic  pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop  1st  post  1984 1984  choice:  top top top top  mal  morn  lov lov  interweav  o1x  delivery  senty  jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl  adult  child child  columb  repetit  ear  fly  10 10 10 10  1992  all-time  phrasing  dafu  eaton  hopkin  ab  favourit  lyr lyr  voc voc voc voc voc voc  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  1980s 1980s 1980s  chas chas  styl  77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks  rainy  crypt  summery  lik lik   gre gre gre  harmony harmony  underground  zumindest  stip  surf surf surf surf  80s 80s 80s 80s 80s  olsp olsp  zwar  beleih  track  class  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  wav  instru  thi thi  op  awesom 