arachnophobiac  forget forget forget forget forget  rob  becaus becaus becaus becaus becaus  radio  movy movy movy  captain  perfect  21st 21st 21st  nois nois nois nois nois  sky sky sky  wer  kick  groovy  janeway  song song song song song song song song song song song song song song  :d  amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb amb  fav  band band band band  avant-garde avant-garde avant-garde  fal fal fal fal fal fal fal fal  grindc  exact exact exact  cool cool cool  school  emo  list list list  stuff stuff stuff  rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock  reminisc reminisc reminisc  clap  heavy  ass  whil whil whil whil whil  vampir vampir vampir  teh  hard  video video video  ev  pizdec  07  mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus  someth someth someth someth someth  expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery expery  progress  discovery discovery discovery  altern altern altern altern altern altern  led led led  post post post post post post post post  met  sing sing sing sing sing  goodby goodby goodby goodby goodby goodby  vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs. vs.  noisy  mixtap  punk punk punk  quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet  funky  alow  geni  confus confus confus confus confus  favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit  embarass embarass embarass embarass embarass  dont dont dont dont dont  hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc hardc  seattl seattl seattl seattl seattl  screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo screamo  teach teach teach teach teach teach  duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh  century century century  mal  artc artc artc  jea  damn damn damn damn damn  lov lov lov lov  happy  cambr  scen scen scen  jeback  hur  sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound  word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word  heavyfuckinmet heavyfuckinmet heavyfuckinmet  hav  thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash thrash  dea  toe  cohee  tap  lyr lyr lyr  voc  upset upset upset upset upset upset  broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth broth  00s 00s 00s 00s 00s  heard  ar ar ar ar ar  shit  hxc  lif  radnezz  lik lik lik lik lik lik  alway alway alway alway alway   gre gre gre  80s 80s 80s  screamcore  mat mat mat  prosto  intens intens intens  post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore post-hardcore  blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood  class  amaz amaz amaz  somewh somewh somewh  indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy  doe doe doe  2003 2003 2003 2003 2003  thi  scream scream scream  awesom 