

 melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho
 bril

 perfect perfect
 nois nois nois nois
 redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead redhead
 song song song song song song
 de
 fav
 voic voic voic

 band band

 dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy dreamy
 thes



 cry cry

 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock

 terr

 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern





 mus mus mus mus
 introspect
 bardzo

 dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.










 strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv strangeluv





 eth
 suffix suffix
 sweet

 pop pop pop pop
 sing

 shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz
 fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem fem


 lov lov lov lov lov



 chillout chillout chillout

 head head
 heartach






 nostalg





 voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc
 favorit


 blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond blond

 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks




 japanes




 heartbreak



 beauty beauty

 mak




 femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil femalevocalistsgdchil

 indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy
 melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol melanchol
 writ
 2007 2007 2007 2007
 favourites
 dream dream

