 feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback
 chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain
 yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
 gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s
 80 80 80 80 80 80
 agit agit agit agit agit agit
 jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes
 good9 good9 good9 good9 good9 good9
 shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz
 song song song song song song
 alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt.
 post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk
 gre gre gre gre gre gre
 roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik roctronik
 lov lov lov lov lov lov
 elv elv elv elv elv elv
 mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary
 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern
 goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth goth
 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s
 mel mel mel mel mel mel
 kap kap kap kap kap kap kap kap kap kap kap kap
 fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly fly
 cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov cov
 guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm guitarm
 driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv driv
 sin sin sin sin sin sin
 thi thi thi thi thi thi
 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock
