 oth oth oth oth oth
 favourit favourit favourit favourit favourit
 chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain chain
 drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk
 punk punk punk punk punk
 guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit guit
 pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
 brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit brit
 melancho melancho melancho melancho melancho
 gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s gdchills90s
 post post post post post
 tak tak tak tak tak
 aint aint aint aint aint
 jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes jes
 good2 good2 good2 good2 good2
 cut cut cut cut cut
 crap crap crap crap crap
 nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois nois
 transitglamb transitglamb transitglamb transitglamb transitglamb
 shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz shoegaz
 expery expery expery expery expery
 lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik lik
 post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk
 scot scot scot scot scot
 lov lov lov lov lov
 gar gar gar gar gar
 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s
 els els els els els
 mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary mary
 hav hav hav hav hav
 happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy
 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern
 debl debl debl debl debl
 alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt. alt.
 grung grung grung grung grung
 joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
 singalong singalong singalong singalong singalong singalong singalong singalong singalong singalong
 tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown tumbledown
 tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun tun
 progress progress progress progress progress
 fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy
 mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow
 class class class class class
 tri tri tri tri tri
 tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank
 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s
 indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy
 quirky quirky quirky quirky quirky
 tanz tanz tanz tanz tanz
 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock
 favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit
