 week week week
 chord chord chord
 eh eh eh
 study study study
 voc voc voc
 nighttim nighttim nighttim
 indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy
 songwrit songwrit songwrit
 wrot wrot wrot
 horn horn horn
 michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig michig
 tag tag tag
 2000s 2000s 2000s
 chil chil chil chil chil chil
 octob octob octob
 singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit singer-songwrit

 ev ev ev
 check check check
 folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk
 hipst hipst hipst
 pap pap pap
 cut cut cut cut cut cut
 amby amby amby
 mus mus mus
 commun commun commun
 expery expery expery
 top top top
 hom hom hom hom hom hom
 singersongwrit singersongwrit singersongwrit
 yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! yes!
 nam nam nam
 yah yah yah

 pow pow pow
 progress progress progress progress progress progress
 piano piano piano
 midwest midwest midwest
 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern
 stat stat stat
 beauty beauty beauty
 song song song song song song song song song song song song song song song
 lmns lmns lmns
 ep ep ep
 class class class
 ignac ignac ignac
 ye ye ye
 flow flow flow
 m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan! m!ch!gan!
 da da da
 doof doof doof
 stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev stev
 pop pop pop pop pop pop
 numb numb numb
 plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac
 sing sing sing
 neofolk neofolk neofolk
 mal mal mal
 storytel storytel storytel
 word word word word word word word word word
 sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs sufs
 untaggedhom untaggedhom untaggedhom
 elab elab elab
 driv driv driv driv driv driv
 punk punk punk punk punk punk
 geograph geograph geograph
 emus emus emus
 st st st
 2003 2003 2003
 american american american american american american
 stuff stuff stuff
 writ writ writ
 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock
 dreamy dreamy dreamy
 confus confus confus
 favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit
