

 alt alt

 perfect
 slow


 melod

 easy easy easy



 song song song song song song song song song song song


 exact
 day


 list list
 night




 folk folk folk folk folk folk folk folk


 rep rep


 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern

 plot plot

 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock
 someon

 acoust acoust acoust acoust acoust
 country country country country country country
 american american american american american






 pop pop



 jes jes jes jes jes

 strings strings

 lov lov lov lov lov lov lov




 relax

 mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow mellow
 wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco wilco
 nostalg

 etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc. etc.



 favourit favourit favourit
 favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit favorit

 sad
 00s 00s 00s 00s

 chil chil chil chil
 singer-songwrit singer-songwrit
 violin violin violin violin violin





 jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus, jesus,
 mat
 beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty


 rainy
 alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country alt-country
 lat
 mak

 amaz
 indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy
 doe
 2002 2002

 melanchol melanchol





 awesom awesom
