 dad dad
 elect elect elect elect elect elect elect
 voc voc voc voc voc
 punk punk
 guit guit guit guit guit
 pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s
 odm odm
 alt alt
 77davez-all-tracks 77davez-all-tracks
 dynam dynam
 lando lando
 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984
 cur cur
 wee wee
 -4 -4
 somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm somafm
 mal mal
 bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel bagel
 post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk post-punk
 strange strange
 ton ton
 harmony harmony
 smil smil
 nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev nev
 wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav wav
 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern
 80s 80s
 star star
 song song
 r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m. r.e.m.
 gen gen
 mailbox mailbox
 underground underground
 jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl jangl
 colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg colleg
 aesthet aesthet
 key key
 half half
 post post
 maj maj
 class class class class class class class class class class
 tripl tripl
 1992 1992

 indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy
 vocal-centric vocal-centric
 ath ath
 record record
 riff riff riff riff riff
 instru instru
 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock
 eddy eddy
 op op
