 voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc voc
 indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy indy
 lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi lo-fi
 pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
 geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph geograph
 dreamday dreamday dreamday dreamday dreamday dreamday
 chil chil chil chil chil chil
 soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul soul
 lik lik lik lik lik lik
 folk folk folk folk folk folk
 mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus mus
 blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu
 titl titl titl titl titl titl
 sum sum sum sum sum sum
 alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask alask
 littl littl littl littl littl littl
 chanel chanel chanel chanel chanel chanel
 huvud huvud huvud huvud huvud huvud
 jak jak jak jak jak jak
 dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. dr.
 underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground underground
 mit mit mit mit mit mit
 altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern altern
 map map map map map map
 stat stat stat stat stat stat
 thi thi thi thi thi thi
 song song song song song song
 hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond hammond
 ye ye ye ye ye ye
 background background background background background background
 plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac plac
 dr dr dr dr dr dr
 mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal mal
 psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel psychedel
 word word word word word word
 phil phil phil phil phil phil
 hyl hyl hyl hyl hyl hyl
 dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog
 groov groov groov groov groov groov
 horstax horstax horstax horstax horstax horstax
 rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock
 awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom awesom
